2024 24th International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems (ICCAS)
Jeju Shinhwa World, Jeju, Korea. Oct 29 - Nov 1, 2024

Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks for Online Reinforcement Learning
Victor A. Kich1∗ , Jair A. Bottega1∗ , Raul Steinmetz2 , Ricardo B. Grando3 , Ayano Yorozu1 and Akihisa Ohya1
1
Intelligent Robot Laboratory, University of Tsukuba,
Tsukuba, Japan (victorkich98@gmail.com, jairaugustobottega@gmail.com) ∗ Corresponding author
2
Technology Center, Federal University of Santa Maria,
Santa Maria, Brazil (rsteinmetz@inf.ufsm.br)
3
Robotics and AI Lab, Technological University of Uruguay,
Rivera, Uruguay (ricardo.bedin@utec.edu.uy)

Abstract: Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) have shown potential as an alternative to Multi-Layer Perceptrons
(MLPs) in neural networks, providing universal function approximation with fewer parameters and reduced memory usage.
In this paper, we explore the use of KANs as function approximators within the Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO)
algorithm. We evaluate this approach by comparing its performance to the original MLP-based PPO using the DeepMind
Control Proprio Robotics benchmark. Our results indicate that the KAN-based reinforcement learning algorithm can
achieve comparable performance to its MLP-based counterpart, often with fewer parameters. These findings suggest that
KANs may offer a more efficient option for reinforcement learning models. Our implementations can be found in the
following link: https://github.com/victorkich/Kolmogorov-PPO.
Keywords: Deep Reinforcement Learning, Robotics, Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks

1. INTRODUCTION
Agent (Controller)

Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) [1] are learnable approximators based on the Kolmogorov-Arnold representation theorem [2], which states that any multivariate
continuous function can be expressed as a finite sum of
continuous univariate functions. KANs can approximate
functions with fewer neurons compared to Multi-Layer
Perceptrons (MLPs), thereby reducing network complexity. This simplification enables easier function decomposition, allowing for more straightforward and targeted
architecture designs tailored to specific problems. Additionally, KANs utilize less memory and enhance model
interpretability, making them highly appealing for various
machine learning applications.
Reinforcement Learning (RL)[3] has proven efficient
for continuous control tasks such as autonomous robot manipulation[4], navigation [5], and video game playing [6],
[7]. Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO)[8] is a Deep RL
algorithm that employs model-free online reinforcement
learning to approximate an optimal policy over online
training experiences. This algorithm is a cornerstone in
the field, excelling in numerous benchmarks and serving as the foundation for newer models like Multi-Agent
PPO [9], PPO with Covariance Matrix Adaptation [10],
PPO with Action Mask [11], and PPO with Policy Feedback [12].
Networks with fewer parameters yet equal or superior
approximation capabilities have the potential to significantly enhance performance in various deep reinforcement
learning applications. In this work, we propose the use of
KANs as policy and value approximators for PPO. The
main contributions of this paper are:
• The first application of KANs as function approximators
in a reinforcement learning algorithm.
• A performance comparison between KAN-based and
MLP-based Proximal Policy Optimization in robotics con978-8-9932-1538-0 ©2024 ICROS

KAN Policy

Environment

Updated learnable activation
functions using PPO

Fig. 1.: Overview of the proposed framework.
trol.
The paper is organized as follows: In Section 2., we
review related works and research in the field. Section 3.
provides the mathematical background of the techniques
employed. The proposed methodology is presented in
Section 4.. Section 5.presents the results and evaluation
analysis. Finally, we discuss our findings in Section 6.
.

2. RELATED WORKS
KANs have recently garnered significant attention for
their versatility and enhanced performance across various
applications. Numerous studies have explored KANs as
alternatives to traditional Multilayer Perceptrons, consistently demonstrating their superiority in specific scenarios.
Concurrently, online reinforcement learning has been a
cornerstone in the domain of continuous control tasks, underscoring the importance of investigating KANs’ potential in this field. Evaluating whether KANs can compete
with or surpass MLPs in reinforcement learning applications is a critical area of exploration. This section reviews
958

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

pivotal research contributions relevant to this research.
Expanding on the KAN framework, Bozorgasl and
Chen [13] introduced Wav-KAN, a neural network architecture that integrates wavelet functions [14] into the KAN
framework. This innovation addresses common challenges faced by traditional MLPs, such as interpretability, training speed, robustness, computational efficiency,
and performance. By incorporating wavelet functions,
Wav-KAN effectively captures both high-frequency and
low-frequency components of the input data, enhancing
overall performance.
Exploring KANs’ performance on predicting time series, Rubio et al. [15] demonstrated the effectiveness of
these networks in predicting satellite traffic, showing their
superiority over traditional MLPs for time series analysis. Similarly, Genet and Hugo [16] introduced Temporal
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (TKANs), combining elements of KANs and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
networks to improve time series forecasting.
Expanding on the exploration of KANs’ capabilities,
Yang, Qin, and Yu [17] proposed a novel framework that
enhances the interpretability of neural cognitive diagnosis models (CDMs) using KANs while maintaining high
accuracy. They introduced two methods: replacing traditional MLPs in existing neural CDMs with KANs and
designing a new aggregation framework entirely based
on KANs. Their experimental results on four real-world
datasets showed that the KA2NCD framework outperforms traditional and neural CDMs in both accuracy and
interpretability, demonstrating its potential in intelligent
education systems.
Online Reinforcement Learning, where an agent continuously learns from ongoing interaction with the environment, instead of using memory replay, has been
successfully applied to various robotic tasks. In the humanoid robots area, Melo et al. [18] successfully utilized
PPO to develop running skills in a humanoid robot, using
the RoboCup 3D Soccer Simulation environment, where
humanoid robots compete in simulated soccer matches.
Expanding the use of online reinforcement learning to
other areas, Proctor [19] used the algorithm for localizing and searching for lost nuclear sources in a designated
area, which is vital for societal safety and reducing human
harm.
To the best of our knowledge, no efforts have been
made to apply KANs as alternatives to MLPs in online
reinforcement learning, making this study a pivotal contribution.

finite composition of univariate functions and addition operations. Formally, for a smooth function f : [0, 1]n → R,
this can be expressed as:

f (x) =

2n+1
X

Φq

n
X

!
ϕq,p (xp ) ,

(1)

p=1

q=1

where ϕq,p : [0, 1] → R and Φq : R → R are continuous
functions.
In KANs, weight parameters are replaced by learnable
1D functions ϕ, parametrized as B-splines. The computation in a KAN layer with nin inputs and nout outputs
is:
xl+1,j =

nl
X

ϕl,j,i (xl,i ),

(2)

i=1

where ϕl,j,i is a spline function connecting the i-th neuron
in layer l to the j-th neuron in layer l + 1.
The backpropagation process in KANs involves calculating gradients of the spline functions. The loss L is
minimized using gradient descent, with the gradient of the
loss with respect to the spline parameters ci computed as:
nout
∂L X
∂L ∂xl+1,j
=
,
∂ci
∂x
∂ci
l+1,j
j=1

(3)

∂x

l+1,j
where ∂c
involves the derivative of the spline function
i
with respect to its coefficients.

3.1.1 Grid and Order in KANs
In KANs, the spline functions ϕ are defined over a
discretized domain, commonly referred to as a grid. The
grid determines the points at which the spline functions
are evaluated, essentially specifying the resolution of the
function approximation. The order parameter controls
the degree of the B-splines used to represent the functions. For example, an order of 1 corresponds to linear
splines, while higher orders correspond to splines with
more complex shapes, allowing for more flexible function
approximations.
The combination of the grid and order parameters defines the complexity and capacity of the KANs to model
intricate functional relationships. A finer grid with higherorder splines enables more accurate approximations of
complex functions, at the cost of increased computational
complexity.

3. THEORETICAL BACKGROUND
This section presents the theory and mathematical foundations underpinning our approach.
3.1 Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks leverage the KolmogorovArnold representation theorem, which asserts that any multivariate continuous function can be decomposed into a

3.1.2 Comparison of KANs and MLPs
• Learnable Activation Functions: KANs feature learnable activation functions on edges, while MLPs have fixed
activation functions on nodes.
• Spline-Based Weights: KANs use splines to represent
weights, enhancing their capacity to approximate complex
functions with fewer parameters.
• Layer Extension: Both KANs and MLPs can be extended to multiple layers.

959

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

where LV F (θ) = (Vθ (st ) − Vttarget )2 is the squared-error
loss for the value function, S[πθ ](st ) is the entropy bonus,
and c1 , c2 are coefficients.
The PPO technique (Algorithm 1) alternates between
collecting data through interaction with the environment
and optimizing the policy using the clipped surrogate objective.

3.2 Proximal Policy Optimization
Proximal Policy Optimization is a policy gradient
method that computes an estimator of the policy gradient for use in a stochastic gradient ascent algorithm. The
policy gradient estimator is:
h
i
ĝ = Êt ∇θ log πθ (at |st )Ât ,
(4)
where πθ is the stochastic policy, and Ât is an estimator
of the advantage function at timestep t. The expectation
Êt [· · · ] denotes the empirical average over a finite batch
of samples.
This estimator is derived from the objective function:
h
i
LP G (θ) = Êt log πθ (at |st )Ât .
(5)

4. METHODOLOGY
We conducted our experiments using six environments
from the Gymnasium Mujoco suite, specifically adapted
from the DeepMind Control Proprio benchmarks [20].
These environments are well-suited for evaluating continuous control tasks and include: HalfCheetah-v4, Hopperv4, InvertedPendulum-v4, Pusher-v4, Swimmer-v4, and
Walker2d-v4. These environments provide a diverse set of
challenges, testing the ability of the agent to learn different
types of motion and control strategies.
Our implementation utilizes the PPO algorithm as the
core reinforcement learning method. PPO is a state-ofthe-art algorithm known for its stability and efficiency
in policy gradient methods [8]. We incorporated KANs
as the function approximators for both the policy (actor)
and value (critic) functions, replacing the traditional MLP
used in standard PPO implementations.

To prevent excessively large policy updates, PPO introduces a clipped surrogate objective. Let rt (θ) denote the
probability ratio:
rt (θ) =

πθ (at |st )
.
πθold (at |st )

(6)

The clipped surrogate objective is defined as:
h

i
LCLIP (θ) = Êt min rt (θ)Ât , clip(rt (θ), 1 − , 1 + )Ât ,
(7)

where  is a hyperparameter, typically set to 0.2. This
objective encourages the new policy to stay within a small
region around the old policy by clipping the probability
ratio rt (θ) when it exceeds the interval [1 − , 1 + ].
The advantage function Ât can be estimated using Generalized Advantage Estimation (GAE), which reduces variance while introducing a bias controlled by parameter λ:
∞
X
Ât =
(γλ)l δt+l ,

4.1 Network Architectures
We designed and compared several network architectures for the policy (actor) and value (critic) functions to
evaluate the effectiveness of KANs versus MLPs. The
configurations included:
• MLP (a=2, c=2): Two hidden layers for both actor and
critic with 64 units each.
• MLP (a=1, c=2): One hidden layer for the actor and
two hidden layers for the critic, with 64 units each.
• KAN (k=2, g=3): KAN for the actor with no hidden
layers, order k = 2 and grid g = 3, and a critic implemented as an MLP with 2 hidden layers of 64 units each.
• Full KAN (k=2, g=3): Both the actor and critic networks implemented using KANs with no hidden layers,
order k = 2 and grid g = 3.
The parameter settings for KANs were chosen based
on preliminary tests where we evaluated various configurations to identify the most effective setup. Our tests
demonstrated that a KAN with no hidden layers, order
k = 2, and grid g = 3 provided the best performance
in terms of computational efficiency and approximation
capability. Consequently, we adopted this architecture for
intensive testing.
For the Kolmogorov-Arnold Network, we set the parameters k = 2 and g = 3 based on these preliminary
findings, ensuring the network’s ability to approximate
the continuous functions involved in control tasks while
maintaining low computational complexity. The number
of parameters in the KAN configurations is significantly
lower compared to the MLP counterparts, highlighting the
efficiency of KANs. The average number of parameters
for each configuration across the environments is shown

(8)

l=0

where δt is the temporal difference (TD) error:
δt = rt + γV (st+1 ) − V (st ).

(9)

In practice, PPO uses a combination of the clipped
surrogate objective, a value function loss, and an entropy
bonus to ensure sufficient exploration. The combined
objective function is:
LCLIP +V F +S (θ) = Êt [LCLIP (θ) − c1 LV F (θ) + c2 S[πθ ](st )] ,
(10)

Algorithm 1 Proximal Policy Optimization
1:
2:
3:
4:
5:
6:
7:
8:
9:

Initialize policy parameters θ
for each iteration do
for actor = 1, 2, ..., N do
Run policy πθ in environment for T timesteps
Compute advantage estimates Ât
end for
Optimize surrogate LCLIP (θ) with K epochs and
minibatch size M ≤ N T
Update policy parameters θ
end for
960

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

Fig. 2.: KAN architecture of the environment DMC Proprio Swimmer-v4.
in Table 1. An Kolmogorov-Arnold Network example is
depicted in Fig.2.

tion episodes, provided a robust measure of the policy’s
effectiveness. The number of parameters, representing the
total count of trainable elements in the network, offered
insights into the efficiency and potential computational
savings achieved by using KANs.

4.2 Training Procedure
Each agent was trained for 1 million steps in each
environment. We used the following hyperparameters for
training:
• Number of Environments: 1
−4
• Learning Rate: 3 × 10
• Clip Parameter : 0.2
• Number of Epochs: 10
• Batch Size: 64
• Discount Factor γ: 0.99
• GAE Parameter λ: 0.95
• Seeds: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]
• Device: CPU
The agents’ performance was evaluated based on the
average cumulative reward obtained over 100 evaluation
episodes after the training period. The evaluation episodes
were conducted without exploration noise to accurately
assess the learned policies’ effectiveness.

5.1 Performance Metrics
Figure 3 illustrates the average rewards obtained across
the training steps for each environment. In general, the
KAN-based PPO matched or exceeded the performance of
the MLP-based PPO in most environments. This demonstrates the potential of KANs to achieve robust performance with fewer parameters, particularly in the task
HalfCheetah-v4, where the KAN-based models outperformed their MLP counterparts.
Table 2 shows the DMC Proprio scores for the control
inputs at 1 million training steps. The KAN-based models
performed competitively, sometimes surpassing the MLP
configurations in terms of reward mean while maintaining
a lower parameter count. This highlights the potential
of KANs to provide efficient and effective learning with
potentially reduced computational requirements.
5.2 Discussion

5. RESULTS

The results from our experiments indicate that KANs,
when integrated into the PPO framework, can achieve
performance comparable to traditional MLPs with significantly fewer parameters. This demonstrates the potential
efficiency of KANs in reducing the computational complexity of reinforcement learning models without compromising performance.
While KAN-based models generally matched or exceeded the performance of MLP-based models, these improvements were context-dependent. For example, in
tasks such as HalfCheetah-v4 and Hopper-v4, the KANbased PPO not only achieved higher rewards but also
maintained a lower parameter count, highlighting its efficiency. However, in environments like Pusher-v4 and
Walker2d-v4, the performance gains were less pronounced
or even inferior, suggesting that the benefits of KANs can
vary depending on task complexity. Adjustments in param-

The performance of the KAN-based PPO was evaluated
against the MLP-based PPO using metrics such as average
return and the number of parameters. The average return,
defined as the mean cumulative reward over 100 evaluaTable 1.: Number of parameters (actor) for different DMC
Proprio environments.
Task
MLP
MLP
KAN
Settings
(a=2, c=2) (a=1, c=2) (k=2, g=3)
HalfCheetah-v4
5702
1542
510
Walker2d-v4
5702
1542
510
Hopper-v4
5123
963
165
InvertedPendulum-v4
4545
385
20
Swimmer-v4
4866
706
80
Pusher-v4
6151
1991
805
Average of Parameters
5348
1188
348
961

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

Fig. 3.: Reward average comparison for all the trained environments using the proposed architectures (using 5 seeds).
Table 2.: DMC Proprio scores for control inputs at 1M train steps. Scores between the top 5% are shown in bold format.
Task
Train Steps
HalfCheetah-v4
Hopper-v4
InvertedPendulum-v4
Pusher-v4
Swimmer-v4
Walker2d-v4
Reward Mean
Average of Parameters (actor+critic)

Full KAN (k=2, g=3)

KAN (k=2, g=3)

MLP (a=2, c=2)

MLP (a=1, c=2)

1M
2490
1633
653
-64
45
1487
1358
415

1M
2644
2031
818
-52
94
889
1540
5490

1M
1803
1897
694
-39
102
3439
1482
10490

1M
1791
1918
861
-47
82
2593
1399
6330

eters, grid searches, or incorporating additional neurons
could potentially enhance performance in these cases.
The reduced parameter count in KANs translates
to lower memory usage and potentially faster training
times, making them suitable for deployment in resourceconstrained environments. For instance, the KAN (k=2,
g=3) architecture required significantly fewer parameters
compared to the MLP (a=2, c=2) configuration, averaging
348 versus 5348 parameters, respectively. This substantial
reduction underscores the efficiency of KANs in achieving
comparable performance with fewer resources.
Additionally, pruning operations—where less important parameters are eliminated—can further streamline
KAN models, enhancing efficiency without compromising performance. This pruning process is particularly beneficial for KANs due to their already reduced parameter
count, allowing the model to focus on the most critical parameters. The inherent interpretability of KANs, based on
the Kolmogorov-Arnold representation theorem, also provides advantages for understanding and debugging learned
policies, which is crucial in applications where model
transparency and explainability are important. However,
continued exploration and optimization of KAN architec-

tures are necessary to fully leverage their potential across
various reinforcement learning applications.
KANs, while providing significant benefits in terms
of parameter count and interpretability, currently face
challenges in computational speed. In our evaluation of
1000 steps on the HalfCheetah environment, the MLP
with 2 hidden layers of 64 units completed the task significantly faster, averaging 0.37 seconds compared to
the KAN (k=2, g=3), which took 3.39 seconds. This
slower performance stems from the complex calculations
required by the B-splines used as activation functions,
which, despite reducing the number of parameters, introduce a trade-off between parameter efficiency and execution speed—especially critical in real-time applications.
MLPs, though more parameter-heavy, benefit from highly
optimized implementations in libraries like Torch, resulting in faster execution times. The novelty of KANs means
there is a lack of specialized optimization techniques, presenting a clear need for future research to enhance their
computational efficiency.
Addressing these computational bottlenecks will be
essential to fully leverage the potential of KANs in reinforcement learning tasks. Optimizing spline calculations
962

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

and developing KAN-specific computational strategies
could improve their competitiveness in terms of execution
speed, making them more viable for applications that demand real-time decision-making while maintaining their
advantages in memory usage and training efficiency. Future work should focus on overcoming these challenges to
realize the full capabilities of KANs in practical settings.

Y. Zhu, L. Fan, and A. Anandkumar, “Voyager: An
open-ended embodied agent with large language
models,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2305.16291, 2023.
[8] J. Schulman, F. Wolski, P. Dhariwal, A. Radford,
and O. Klimov, “Proximal policy optimization algorithms,” arXiv preprint arXiv:1707.06347, 2017.
[9] C. Yu, A. Velu, E. Vinitsky, J. Gao, Y. Wang,
A. Bayen, and Y. Wu, “The surprising effectiveness
of ppo in cooperative multi-agent games,” Advances
in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 35,
pp. 24 611–24 624, 2022.
[10] P. Hämäläinen, A. Babadi, X. Ma, and J. Lehtinen,
“Ppo-cma: Proximal policy optimization with covariance matrix adaptation,” in 2020 IEEE 30th International Workshop on Machine Learning for Signal
Processing (MLSP). IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–6.
[11] C.-Y. Tang, C.-H. Liu, W.-K. Chen, and S. D. You,
“Implementing action mask in proximal policy optimization (ppo) algorithm,” ICT Express, vol. 6, no. 3,
pp. 200–203, 2020.
[12] Y. Gu, Y. Cheng, C. P. Chen, and X. Wang, “Proximal policy optimization with policy feedback,” IEEE
Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems, vol. 52, no. 7, pp. 4600–4610, 2021.
[13] Z. Bozorgasl and H. Chen, “Wav-kan: Wavelet
kolmogorov-arnold networks,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2405.12832, 2024.
[14] A. Antoniadis, “Wavelets in statistics: a review,”
Journal of the Italian Statistical Society, vol. 6, pp.
97–130, 1997.
[15] C. J. Vaca-Rubio, L. Blanco, R. Pereira, and M. Caus,
“Kolmogorov-arnold networks (kans) for time series
analysis,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2405.08790, 2024.
[16] R. Genet and H. Inzirillo, “Tkan: Temporal kolmogorov-arnold networks,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2405.07344, 2024.
[17] S. Yang, L. Qin, and X. Yu, “Endowing interpretability for neural cognitive diagnosis by efficient kolmogorov-arnold networks,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2405.14399, 2024.
[18] L. C. Melo, D. C. Melo, and M. R. Maximo, “Learning humanoid robot running motions with symmetry incentive through proximal policy optimization,”
Journal of Intelligent & Robotic Systems, vol. 102,
no. 3, p. 54, 2021.
[19] P. Proctor, C. Teuscher, A. Hecht, and M. Osiński,
“Proximal policy optimization for radiation source
search,” Journal of Nuclear Engineering, vol. 2,
no. 4, pp. 368–397, 2021.
[20] Y. Tassa, Y. Doron, A. Muldal, T. Erez, Y. Li,
D. d. L. Casas, D. Budden, A. Abdolmaleki, J. Merel,
A. Lefrancq et al., “Deepmind control suite,” arXiv
preprint arXiv:1801.00690, 2018.

6. CONCLUSION
Our study demonstrated that Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks can achieve performance comparable to traditional
Multi-Layer Perceptrons with significantly fewer parameters in reinforcement learning tasks. This makes KANs a
promising alternative, especially in resource-constrained
environments where memory and computational efficiency
are critical. However, the current limitations in computational speed due to the complexity of B-spline activation functions suggest the need for further research and
optimization. Future work should focus on developing
specialized optimization techniques and frameworks for
KANs to improve their computational efficiency and make
them more suitable for real-time applications.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
This work was supported by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)
scholarship. We are also grateful for the support provided
by the Human-Centered AI program at the University of
Tsukuba.

REFERENCES
[1]

[2]

[3]
[4]

[5]

[6]

[7]

Z. Liu, Y. Wang, S. Vaidya, F. Ruehle, J. Halverson, M. Soljačić, T. Y. Hou, and M. Tegmark,
“Kan: Kolmogorov-arnold networks,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2404.19756, 2024.
A. Kolmogoroff, “On the representation of continuous functions of several variables by superpositions
of continuous functions of one variable and addition,” in Dokl. Akad. Nauk SSSR, vol. 114, 1957, pp.
953–956.
R. S. Sutton and A. G. Barto, Reinforcement learning: An introduction. MIT press, 2018.
H. Nguyen and H. La, “Review of deep reinforcement learning for robot manipulation,” in 2019 Third
IEEE International Conference on Robotic Computing (IRC). IEEE, 2019, pp. 590–595.
K. Zhu and T. Zhang, “Deep reinforcement learning
based mobile robot navigation: A review,” Tsinghua
Science and Technology, vol. 26, no. 5, pp. 674–691,
2021.
D. Hafner, J. Pasukonis, J. Ba, and T. Lillicrap, “Mastering diverse domains through world models,” arXiv
preprint arXiv:2301.04104, 2023.
G. Wang, Y. Xie, Y. Jiang, A. Mandlekar, C. Xiao,
963

Authorized licensed use limited to: ETH BIBLIOTHEK ZURICH. Downloaded on June 20,2026 at 12:26:21 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

