Bernabe Dorronsoro
El-Ghazali Talbi
Dua Weraikat
Sadok Bouamama (Eds.)
Communications in Computer and Information Science

2808

Optimization and Learning
8th International Conference, OLA 2025
Dubai, United Arab Emirates, April 23–25, 2025
Revised Selected Papers

Communications
in Computer and Information Science

2808

Series Editors
Gang Li , School of Information Technology, Deakin University, Burwood, VIC,
Australia
Joaquim Filipe , Polytechnic Institute of Setúbal, Setúbal, Portugal
Zhiwei Xu, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China

Rationale
The CCIS series is devoted to the publication of proceedings of computer science conferences. Its aim is to efficiently disseminate original research results in informatics
in printed and electronic form. While the focus is on publication of peer-reviewed full
papers presenting mature work, inclusion of reviewed short papers reporting on work in
progress is welcome, too. Besides globally relevant meetings with internationally representative program committees guaranteeing a strict peer-reviewing and paper selection
process, conferences run by societies or of high regional or national relevance are also
considered for publication.
Topics
The topical scope of CCIS spans the entire spectrum of informatics ranging from foundational topics in the theory of computing to information and communications science
and technology and a broad variety of interdisciplinary application fields.
Information for Volume Editors and Authors
Publication in CCIS is free of charge. No royalties are paid, however, we offer registered
conference participants temporary free access to the online version of the conference
proceedings on SpringerLink (http://link.springer.com) by means of an http referrer from
the conference website and/or a number of complimentary printed copies, as specified
in the official acceptance email of the event.
CCIS proceedings can be published in time for distribution at conferences or as postproceedings, and delivered in the form of printed books and/or electronically as USBs
and/or e-content licenses for accessing proceedings at SpringerLink. Furthermore, CCIS
proceedings are included in the CCIS electronic book series hosted in the SpringerLink
digital library at http://link.springer.com/bookseries/7899. Conferences publishing in
CCIS are allowed to use our online conference service (Meteor) for managing the whole
proceedings lifecycle (from submission and reviewing to preparing for publication) free
of charge.
Publication process
The language of publication is exclusively English. Authors publishing in CCIS have
to sign the Springer CCIS copyright transfer form, however, they are free to use their
material published in CCIS for substantially changed, more elaborate subsequent publications elsewhere. For the preparation of the camera-ready papers/files, authors have to
strictly adhere to the Springer CCIS Authors’ Instructions and are strongly encouraged
to use the CCIS LaTeX style files or templates.
Abstracting/Indexing
CCIS is abstracted/indexed in DBLP, Google Scholar, EI-Compendex, Mathematical
Reviews, SCImago, Scopus. CCIS volumes are also submitted for the inclusion in ISI
Proceedings.
How to start
To start the evaluation of your proposal for inclusion in the CCIS series, please send an
e-mail to ccis@springer.com

Bernabe Dorronsoro · El-Ghazali Talbi ·
Dua Weraikat · Sadok Bouamama
Editors

Optimization and Learning
8th International Conference, OLA 2025
Dubai, United Arab Emirates, April 23–25, 2025
Revised Selected Papers

Editors
Bernabe Dorronsoro
University of Cádiz
Cádiz, Spain

El-Ghazali Talbi
University of Lille
Villeneuve d’Ascq, France

Dua Weraikat
Rochester Institute of Technology Dubai
Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Sadok Bouamama
Higher Colleges of Technology
Dubai, United Arab Emirates

ISSN 1865-0929
ISSN 1865-0937 (electronic)
Communications in Computer and Information Science
ISBN 978-3-032-13588-9
ISBN 978-3-032-13589-6 (eBook)
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6
© The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license
to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
This work is subject to copyright. All rights are solely and exclusively licensed by the Publisher, whether
the whole or part of the material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of
illustrations, recitation, broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other physical way, and transmission
or information storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar
methodology now known or hereafter developed.
The use of general descriptive names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. in this publication
does not imply, even in the absence of a specific statement, that such names are exempt from the relevant
protective laws and regulations and therefore free for general use.
The publisher, the authors and the editors are safe to assume that the advice and information in this book
are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication. Neither the publisher nor the authors or the
editors give a warranty, expressed or implied, with respect to the material contained herein or for any errors
or omissions that may have been made. The publisher remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in
published maps and institutional affiliations.
This Springer imprint is published by the registered company Springer Nature Switzerland AG
The registered company address is: Gewerbestrasse 11, 6330 Cham, Switzerland
If disposing of this product, please recycle the paper.

Preface

This book compiles the best submitted papers to the Eight International Conference on
Optimization and Learning (OLA 2025). The choice was made according to the score
of all accepted long papers in the blind review process of the conference. OLA 2025
took place in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, April 23 to April 25. The main objective of
the conference is to attract influential researchers from all over the world in the fields
of complex problems optimization, machine and deep learning, synergies between both
research fields, and their applications on real-world problems. The conference builds a
nice atmosphere where relevant researchers present their innovative works.
Three categories of papers were considered in OLA 2025, namely ongoing research
works, high-impact journal publications (both of them in the shape of an extended
abstract), or regular papers with novel contents and important contributions. A selection
of the best papers in this latter category is published in this book.
Fifty-one papers were presented at OLA 2025, arranged into ten sessions, covering topics such as Deep Learning and Large Language Models, the synergies between
optimization and learning techniques, as well as quantum computing and applications
of learning and optimization problems in different domains. Also, four special sessions
were organized: i) Quantum optimization; ii) AutoML: Automatic design of ML models;
iii) Generative AI and its applications; and iv) Optimization and Large Langage Models
(LLMs).
The conference received a total of 70 papers, from which 30 compose this book, making 42.9% of all submitted papers. The review process was single-blind, and submissions
received on average two reviews each.
October 2025

Bernabe Dorronsoro
El-Ghazali Talbi
Dua Weraikat
Sadok Bouamama

Organization

Conference Chair
El-Ghazali Talbi

University of Lille, France

Conference Program Chair
Bernabé Dorronsoro

University of Cádiz, Spain

Workshops and Invited Sessions Chair
Mario Pavone

University of Catania, Italy

Conference Steering Committee Chair
El-Ghazali Talbi

University of Lille, France

Finance Chair
Amir Nakib

Paris-East Créteil University, France

Proceedings Chair
Bernabé Dorronsoro

University of Cádiz, Spain

Organization Committee
Dua Weraikat
Sadok Bouamama
Rachid Ellaia
Amir Nakib
Zakaria Dahi

RIT Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Higher Colleges of Technology, United Arab
Emirates
Mohammed V University in Rabat, Morocco
Paris-East Créteil University, France
INRIA Lille, France

viii

Organization

Publicity Chairs
Juan J. Durillo
Gréaagoire Danoy
Javier Ferrer

NVIDIA, Germany
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
University of Málaga, Spain

Program Committee
Lionel Amodeo
Taha Arbaoui
Mehmet-Emin Aydin
Mathieu Belastend
A. E. H. Benyamina
Pascal Bouvry
Claudia Cavallaro
Francisco Chicano
Krisana Chinnasarn
Christian Cintrano
Petrica Claudiu
Jorge Cruz
Zakaria Dahi
Grégoire Danoy
Patrick de Causmaecker
Javier del Ser
Bernabe Dorronsoro
Rachid Ellaia
Bogdan Filipic
José Manuel García Nieto
Hamamache Kheddouci
Peter Korosec
Andrew Lewis
Francisco Luna
Gabriel Luque
Teodoro Macias Escobar
Roberto Magán-Carrión
Renzo Massobrio
Gonzalo Mejia Delgadillo
Nouredine Melab
Edmondo Minisci

Université de Technologie de Troyes, France
Université de Technologie de Troyes, France
University of Bedfordshire, UK
ONERA, France
University of Oran, Algeria
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
University of Catania, Italy
University of Málaga, Spain
Burapha University, Thailand
University of Málaga, Spain
Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania
University of Monterrey, Mexico
University of Málaga, Spain
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
KU Leuven, Belgium
TECNALIA, Spain
Universidad de Cádiz, Spain
EMI, Morocco
Jožef Stefan Institute, Slovenia
University of Málaga, Spain
University of Lyon, France
Jožef Stefan Institute, Slovenia
Griffith University, Australia
University of Málaga, Spain
University of Málaga, Spain
Technological Institute of Ciudad Madero,
Mexico
University of Granada, Spain
Universidad de la República, Uruguay
Pontificia Universidad Católica de Valparaíso,
Chile
University of Lille, France
University of Strathclyde, UK

Organization

José Ángel Morell
Amir Nakib
Antonio J. Nebro
Sergio Nesmachnow
Eneko Osaba Icedo
Gregor Papa
Mario Pavone
Helena Ramalhinho
Rubén Saborido
Roberto Santana
Alejandro Santiago
Nadiya Schvai
Andrei Tchernykh
Jamal Toutouh
Alice Yalaoui
Farouk Yalaoui
Xin-She Yang

University of Málaga, Spain
University of Paris-Est Créteil, France
University of Málaga, Spain
Universidad de la República, Uruguay
Tecnalia, Spain
Jožef Stefan Institute, Slovenia
University of Catania, Italy
Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Spain
University of Málaga, Spain
University of the Basque Country, Spain
Polytechnic University of Altamira, Mexico
Cyclope.ai, France
CICESE, Mexico
University of Málaga, Spain
Université de Technologie de Troyes, France
Université de Technologie de Troyes, France
Middlesex University London, UK

ix

Contents

Soft Computing and Machine Learning Advanced Models
KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement
Learning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ali Bayeh, Malek Mouhoub, and Samira Sadaoui

3

Bayesian and Partition-Based Optimization for Hyperparameter
Optimization of LLM Fine-Tuning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nathan Davouse and El-Ghazali Talbi

16

On Hyperparameter Optimization of Generative Models
in Recommendation Systems: A Comparative Study, and Applications . . . . . . . .
Sanae Filali-Zegzouti, Oumayma Banouar, and Mohamed Benslimanem

34

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better
Performance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Yinuo Guo, Mustafa Mısır, and Zhongyi Hu

51

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
El-Ghazali Talbi and Nathan Bouvier
Enhancing Academic Advising with AI: Leveraging Large Language
Models and Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Smarter Student Support . . . .
Raghav Khare, Anuraj Sule, Aldrich Mendes,
and Abdul-Rahman Mawlood-Yunis
Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long H. Ngo, Mohammed Amine Chamli, Jonathan Rivalan,
and Thomas Jaillon

64

80

98

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches for Coral Health Monitoring
and Database Development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 111
Dua Weraikat, Febin Antony, and Sabrina Albukhari

xii

Contents

Optimization and Search Algorithms: Metaheuristics and Hybrid
Approaches
Chaotic Binarization of Tasmanian Devil Optimization for Solving
the Knapsack Problem . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125
Felipe Cisternas-Caneo, José Barrera-Garcia, Broderick Crawford,
Ricardo Soto, Giovanni Giachetti, and Eric Monfroy
Mother Tree Optimization Algorithm for Feature Selection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 138
Wael Korani and Malek Mouhoub
An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving High-Dimensional
Many-Objective Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 150
Jianshang Wang, Ying Tan, and Chaoli Sun
Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for Rubber Tyred Gantry Crane
Scheduling Problem at Container Terminal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 164
Saber Ben Zina, Abdelkarim Elloumi, and Alain Quilliot
Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 177
Haifa Zaidi and Malek Mouhoub
Exact Versus Bio-inspired Approximation Methods for Solving
Constrained CP-Nets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 189
Malek Mouhoub, Sina Alizadeh, and Sifat E. Jahan
Dependent Task Offloading in Cloud-Edge-End Environments
with Communication Heterogeneity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 201
Guochen Zhang, Ya Zhao, and Chaoli Sun
Modelling, Simulation and Complex Systems
Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 215
Angelo Cangelosi, Carolina Crespi, Mario Pavone, and Marta Romeo
Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context. The
Defence Case . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 227
Ioana Filipas, François Marmier, Punita Raj, Bertrand Rose,
Valentin Drouillard, and Déborah Lejuste
Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus . . . . . . 239
Tobias Fischbach, Pierre Talbot, and Pascal Bouvry

Contents

xiii

Almost Linear Time Consistent Mode Estimation and Quick Shift
Clustering . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 254
Sajjad Hashemian
Addressing Classic Constraint Satisfaction Problems Through
Optimisation Modulo Theories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 267
Ignacio Jorquera, Nicolás Gálvez Ramírez, Frederic Saubion,
Eric Monfroy, and Carlos Castro
Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 279
Raneem Madani and Abdel Lisser
Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming
and Cross-Elasticity Effects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 291
G. Uma Maheswari, Srividhya Sethuraman, and Sharadha Ramanan
Solving the Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design Problem
by a Deconstructive Heuristic Algorithm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 304
José-Fernando Camacho-Vallejo and José Emmanuel Gómez-Rocha
Applications in Industry, Energy and Supply Chain
Optimizing and Reducing Changeover Time to Enhance Line Balancing
in Industrial Injection Processes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 319
Yasmine El Belghiti, Abdelfattah Mouloud, Mehdi El Bouchti,
and Aziz Soulhi
A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 329
Marco Taccini, Matheus Aguilar de Oliveira,
André Gustavo dos Santos, Thiago Alves de Queiroz, and Manuel Iori
A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results for Designing
Two-Stage Supply Chains with Fixed Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 341
Corina Pop Sitar, Petrică C. Pop, and Adrian Petrovan
Optimizing Supplier Performance: Advanced Analytics and Predictive
Modeling Approaches . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 353
Sarah Al Zaied, Faisal Issa, Tala Hassouna, and Dua Weraikat
Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence
(AI) in Pharmaceutical Supply Chain (PSC) Resilience: Identifying Gaps
and Future Research Directions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 370
Dua Weraikat and Shireen Al-Hourani

xiv

Contents

Evolutionary Techniques for Combinatorial Reverse Auctions in Electricity
Consumption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 383
Sifat E. Jahan and Malek Mouhoub
Author Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 397

Soft Computing and Machine Learning
Advanced Models

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method
for Continuous Reinforcement Learning
Ali Bayeh , Malek Mouhoub , and Samira Sadaoui(B)
Department of Computer Science, University of Regina, Regina, Canada
{alibayeh,mouhoubm,sadaouis}@uregina.ca

Abstract. This study explores the integration of the KolmogorovArnold Network (KAN) model into continuous reinforcement learning
(CRL). We incorporate KAN and its improved variant, MultKAN, into
the on-policy PPO algorithm, resulting in a new approach called KANPPO. Using the Mujoco Half-cheetah environment, we conduct extensive
experiments to compare the performance and generalization of KANPPO models against MLP-PPO structures. Additionally, we examine the
eﬀects of dropout regularization through the DropKAN method in dense
network settings. Our ﬁndings demonstrate the eﬀectiveness of KAN and
MultKAN models in CRL, highlighting their potential for complex learning tasks.
Keywords: Kolmogorov-Arnold Network (KAN) · MulKAN · Policy
Proximal Optimization (PPO) · Continuous Reinforcement Learning
(CRL) · Actor-Critic Networks

1

Introduction

Reinforcement learning (RL) has achieved signiﬁcant progress in addressing complex tasks in various domains, but several challenges remain to be solved, including the generalization and robustness of its process. These challenges are further
ampliﬁed in continuous RL (CRL) due to the diversity and high dimensionality of the action and state spaces, which require more sophisticated methods to
ensure stable and eﬃcient learning. Traditional neural network (NN) architectures, while eﬀective, often fail to take advantage of the structural properties of
the agents and the environment in RL. Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs)
[13], based on the Kolmogorov-Arnold representation theorem, approximates a
function by decomposing it into structured components, potentially leading to
improved interpretability and generalization capabilities. Despite KAN success,
there is minimal research on the adoption of KAN models for RL tasks. To the
best of our knowledge, the use of KANs in RL has been limited to a single study
[9] that incorporated KAN models without hidden layers into a Proximal Policy
Optimization (PPO) framework for CRL tasks.
Our research aims to bridge this gap by integrating KAN and MultKAN
models into the on-policy PPO algorithm, tailored for CRL. We propose the
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 3–15, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_1

4

A. Bayeh et al.

KAN-PPO algorithm and evaluate its performance in the Mujoco Half-cheetah
robotic environment. To deepen our analysis, we investigate the impacts of denser
KAN architectures and the dropout-based regularization technique and assess
their inﬂuences on model robustness and performance. The common dropout
approach employed for MLP networks is ineﬀective for KANs [2]. We hence adopt
the DropKAN approach to implement dropout for the KAN-PPO algorithm. We
employ the average returns as a quality metric to compare the performance of
PPO and KAN-PPO across various MLP, KAN and MultiKAN architectures.
Furthermore, we conduct two other experiments: (1) assess the performance
of the MLP and KAN models using PPO and KAN-PPO in diﬀerent dropout
conﬁgurations and (2) analyze the impact of varying dropout rates on these
model eﬃciency.
This paper is organized as follows. Section 2 provides an overview on the KAN
and MultKAN architectures, the on-policy PPO algorithm, and regularization
in RL and KAN. Section 3 describes the related work on KAN and its numerous variations. Section 4 presents the steps of our KAN-PPO algorithm and its
parameter deﬁnitions. Section 5 describes the setup of the experiment, including the case study and parameter ﬁne-tuning. Section 6 evaluates our KANPPO method under several conﬁgurations. Lastly, Sect. 7 concludes our work
and includes some future directions.

2

Background

2.1

Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks

KANs [12, 13], based on the Kolmogorov-Arnold Representation theorem, can
learn the activation functions during the training process. This theorem indicates
that a continuous multivariate function .f (x) = f (x1 , . . . , xn ) can be expressed
as a sum of univariate functions applied to a linear combination of inputs [13]:
2n+1

f (x) =

n

Φq

.

q=1

ϕq,p (xp )
p=1

where .ϕq,p : [0, 1] → R are univariate inner functions and .Φq : R → R are
univariate outer functions. KAN directly parametrizes the above equation by
representing the inner and outer univariate functions using smooth, learnable
components such as B-splines. Each KAN layer composed of two structural layers: (1) a middle layer with .2n + 1 neurons, corresponding to the inner functions
.ϕq,p and (2) the output layer representing the summation of the outer functions
.Φq . In KAN architecture, the activation values are deﬁned recursively between
layers as follows [13]:
nl

l

x

. l+1,j

=

x̂l,j,i =
i=1

l = 0, . . . , L − 1,

.

ϕl,j,i (xl,i )
i=1

i = 1, . . . , nl ,

j = 1, . . . , nl+1

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

5

where .L is the maximum number of layers, .nl is the number of neurons in layer
l, .xl,i is the activation value of the .ith neuron in the .lth layer and .φl,j,i is the
th
activation function that connects neuron .ith in .lth layer to neuron .j th in .(l + 1)
layer. A deep KAN is constructed by stacking multiple of KAN layers [13]:

.

KAN (x) = (ΦL−1 ◦ ΦL−2 ◦ · · · ◦ Φ1 ◦ Φ0 ) (x)

.

MultKAN:

Multiplicative KANs (MultKANs) [12] extend the structure of

KANs [13] by incorporating explicit multiplicative operations into their computational framework. Similarly to the KAN architecture, a MultKAN layer
transforms an input vector .xl ∈ Rnl into an output vector .zl ∈ Rml , but a
MultKAN layer has additional multiplicative operation which applies elementwise multiplications on pairs of sub-nodes produced by the previous step. The
output of a MultKAN is presented as follows:
.Ψl (xl ) = Ml (Φl (xl )) where .Ψl combines the output of the KAN layer .(Φl )
and the multiplication layer .(Ml ) A deep MultKAN architecture can be deﬁned
recursively layer by layer. The complete computation for a MultKAN is the
composition of all layers [12]:
M ultKAN (x) = (ΨL ◦ ΨL−1 ◦ . . . Ψ0 ) (x)

.

2.2

On-Policy Algorithms

The on-policy algorithms in RL, like Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO), operate by leveraging data generated directly from the current policy. The objective
of these algorithms is to optimize the policy while maintaining stability and preventing drastic updates that could lead to divergence [17]. In order to achieve
this objective, several structural rules have been developed for on-policy algorithms. The purpose of PPO is to enhance the stability and eﬃciency of training in RL by estimating the policy gradient. This method can be employed
within a stochastic gradient ascent algorithm, which adjusts the policy parameters on an iterative basis. The standard form of the gradient algorithm [17]:
.ĝ = Êt ∇θ log πθ at |st Ât where .πθ is a stochastic policy, .Ât is an estimator
of .At under the current policy at timestep .t, and .Êt [·] represents the empirical
average computed over a ﬁnite batch of data. The advantage function .Ât is estimated using generalized advantage estimation (GAE), which attempts to reduce
the variance at the cost of an extra variable and is as below [17]:
2

At = δt + (γλ) δt+1 + (γλ) δt+2 + . . .

.

where .γ is the discount factor, .λ is a parameter controlling the balance between
bias and variance in .At , and .δt is the temporal diﬀerence (TD) error at time
step .t, which is deﬁned as, .δt = rt + γV (st+1 ) − V (st ), where .rt is the reward at
time step .t and .V (st ) is the value function for state .st . To control the signiﬁcant
alterations in the policy, PPO utilizes a clipped surrogate objective function. The
policy is then updated using the ratio of probabilities between the new and old

6

A. Bayeh et al.

policies, subject to a clipping threshold. The ﬁnal objective function is therefore
deﬁned as follows [17]:
LCLIP +V F +S θ = Êt LCLIP θ − c1 LV F θ + c2 S πδ st

.

where .LCLIP θ is the clipped objective, .LV F θ is the value function loss, and
S πδ st is the entropy bonus term, while .c1 and .c2 being constants that control
the trade-oﬀ between these components.

.

2.3

Regularization

Regularization in RL: Dropout is a widely recognized regularization technique in deep learning. This technique is used to mitigate overﬁtting by introducing stochasticity during the training phase of NNs. Researchers have developed a
wide range of dropout methods, tailored to diﬀerent architectures and learning
tasks [16]. Despite its extensive use in supervised learning, the dropout technique remains underutilized in RL, where the continuous and dynamic nature
of observed environments poses unique challenges [6]. Recent studies indicate
that incorporating dropout into RL tasks can yield beneﬁts comparable to those
observed in supervised learning. However, there is evidence that the direct application of standard dropout techniques to RL is frequently problematic due to the
distinctive characteristics of RL tasks, such as temporal dependencies and policy optimization. This limitation highlights the necessity for developing dropout
methods speciﬁcally customized to the nature of RL algorithms [4,6,7].
Regularization in KANs: Adopting dropout in KAN was explored in [2],
where the authors proposed the DropKAN approach as a customized dropout
strategy for KANs. For MLP models, dropout is typically applied between hidden
layers. However, their analysis [2] revealed that applying conventional dropout
between layers in KANs can lead to unpredictable behavior during the feedforward pass, making this approach unsuitable for the unique KAN structure. In
conventional MLPs, when a node is dropped, all associated weights are eﬀectively deactivated during both the feed-forward and backward passes, since the
dropped node contributes a zero input, resulting in zero gradients and no impact
on the loss function during that training step. In contrast, in KAN layers, simply
applying dropout to the outputs does not completely exclude the masked nodes
from the network computations. Although the outputs of these nodes are set to
zero, they serve as inputs to subsequent activation functions, which generally
do not map zero to zero. Consequently, the nonzero activations propagated to
the next layer cause the corresponding spline coeﬃcients to be updated during backpropagation. DropKAN incorporates the dropout mechanism directly
within the KAN layers to address this issue. Speciﬁcally, dropout masks are
embedded in the KAN computation graph, where speciﬁc activation outputs are
randomly masked during training. Experimental results [2] demonstrated that
DropKAN consistently achieved improved generalization performance compared
to the standard dropout strategy when applied to KAN architectures.

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

3

7

Related Work

KANs, developed for decades, have been explored as alternatives to traditional
MLP architectures in various applications. The study [20] investigated the eﬃcacy of KANs in time series forecasting, with a particular focus on satellite
traﬃc prediction. Their ﬁndings indicate that KAN-based models demonstrated
superiority over MLP models by consistently recording lower errors. Overall,
KANs achieve performance comparable to conventional methods when using
fewer parameters.
The paper [5] examined the performance of KAN models in vision tasks by
incorporating a KAN-based architecture into the original MLP-Mixer framework. It also assessed the eﬃcacy of the modiﬁed KAN-Mixer model on the
MNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets. The results showed that KANMixer attained competitive performance, particularly on the MNIST dataset,
with a test accuracy of 98.16%. These ﬁndings were derived from comprehensive
experiments with a training batch size of 32, which revealed the potential of
KAN models to enhance vision-related tasks.
Another work [3] analyzed the potential of KANs as an alternative to MLPs
in Graph Neural Networks (GNNs). The authors suggested two KAN-based GNN
architectures, KAGCN and KAGIN, analogous to GCN and GIN, respectively,
building on the KAN architecture. A comparative evaluation of KANs and MLPs
on node classiﬁcation, graph classiﬁcation and graph regression tasks revealed
that while both models perform similarly in classiﬁcation tasks, KANs demonstrate a clear advantage in regression problems.
The research [8] introduced Graph Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (GKANs),
which extended the KAN framework to encompass graph-structured data. Compared to traditional GCNs, GKANs oﬀer a ﬂexible alternative by replacing ﬁxed
linear weights in traditional graphs with learnable spline-based functions. The
authors proposed two architectural frameworks, distinguished by the learnable
functions: before or after aggregation. The outcomes indicate that the proposed
model exhibited superior accuracy and parameter eﬃciency on the Cora dataset
compared to GCNs.
The study [1] proposed a neural operator based on KANs, which incorporates
Gaussian RBFs in place of the B-splines which is used in the original KAN
architecture. The DeepOKAN framework employs KAN models as substitutes for
MLPs within the branch and trunk components of the operator. The model was
evaluated on a series of physics-based problems, including 1D sinusoidal waves,
2D orthotropic elasticity, and transient Poisson’s equations. The experimental
results highlighted the superiority of DeepOKAN in terms of accuracy and the
reduction of training losses in comparison to the DeepONets framework.
Lastly, [10] examined the use of KAN applications within the context of
neural ordinary diﬀerential equations. It conducted experiments on Physics systems including the Lotka–Volterra model, wave propagation and the Schrödinger
equation. The experiment showed that KAN-ODEs exhibited superior performance to MLP-based Neural ODEs regarding training eﬃciency, accuracy, and
scalability. Moreover, the framework exhibited advantages in terms of inter-

8

A. Bayeh et al.

pretability, enabling the visualization of learned activation functions and symbolic regression of source terms.

Fig. 1. Integration of KAN Model into the Actor and Critic of PPO Algorithm.

4

Methodology

This study enhances the PPO algorithm by leveraging KAN as the core component of its architecture. The KAN framework is integrated into the actor and
critic networks of PPO, replacing the traditional MLP commonly used in RL.
Throughout this study, we refer to this enhanced version of PPO as KAN-PPO.
The algorithm 1 presents the steps for the KAN-PPO method, which is also
illustrated in Fig. 1.
To evaluate the performance of KAN models compared to MLPs, we design
several network architectures for the actor and critic networks. We consider identical architectures for the actor and critic networks in all variations. The network
architectures were designed to evaluate the impact of varying the number of hidden layers and neurons per layer. Four conﬁgurations are considered, diﬀering in
the number of hidden layers and the number of units in each layer. Speciﬁcally,
architectures with one hidden layer and two hidden layers were implemented.
For each hidden layer, networks with 32 or 64 neurons were constructed. To
evaluate the eﬀect of dropout on model performance, variations of each network conﬁguration were created by incorporating dropout layers. This approach
allows us to systematically explore the eﬀects of both architectural complexity
and regularization through dropout.
The structural diﬀerences between KANs and MLPs require the implementation of distinct dropout strategies. The common dropout approach, which has
been successfully employed for MLP networks, was found to be ineﬀective for
KANs [2]. We adopt the DropKAN approach to implement dropout for the
KAN-PPO algorithm. In addition to the standard hyperparameters required for
PPO algorithm, two additional hyperparameters are introduced for KAN-based
algorithms: (1) the number of grid intervals .(g), which essentially controls how

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

9

Algorithm 1. KAN-PPO Algorithm for Continuous Reinforcement Learning
Require: Environment E, Discount factor γ, Clipping , Niterations , GAE parameter
λ, KAN grid intervals g, KAN polynomial order k
1: Initialize KAN-policy πθ (parameterized by θ, g and k)
2: Initialize KAN-value function Vμ (parameterized by μ, g and k)
3: while training not converged do
T
4:
Collect trajectories τ = ∪˙ t=0 {st , at , rt , st+1 } from E using πθ
5:
Compute advantages At = Ti=0 (γλ)i δt+i using λ
6:
Compute returns Rt = At + V (st )
7:
for epoch = 1 to Niterations do
t |st )
8:
Compute ratio ρt = πθπθ (a(a
t |st )
old

9:
Compute clip loss Lclip (θ) = Et [min(ρt At , clip(ρt , 1 − 1 + )At )]
10:
Compute value loss Lvalue (μ) = Et (V (st ) − Rt )2 using Vμ
11:
Update πθ and Vμ using gradients of Lclip (θ) and Lvalue (μ)
12:
end for
13: end while

ﬁnely the domain of the input is divided when approximating the activation
function, and (2) the order of the piecewise polynomial .(k), which deﬁnes the
degree of the polynomial used in each piece of the B-spline and overall controls
the smoothness of the spline at the points where the pieces meet.
All models were trained by minimizing their respective objective functions
using the AdamW optimization algorithm, with .β1 = 0.9, β2 = 0.99, and a weight
decay of .1e − 4 [14]. The learning rate was dynamically adjusted during training
using an exponential learning rate schedule as follows [11]: .α (t) = α0 ∗ e−δ∗t
where .α0 is the initial learning rate and .δ is the decay rate. The KAN-policy
model and KAN-value function are parameterized by .θ and .μ, respectively. Since
KAN models operate based on learnable activation functions, these functions are
deﬁned with a set of coeﬃcients, with .θ and .μ referring to these coeﬃcients.

5

Experiment Setup

All experiments were conducted using Python, leveraging the PyTorch framework for training deep learning models. The main structure of PPO algorithm
was implemented using the StableBaselines3 library [15].
5.1

Mujoco Half-cheetah Environment

For evaluating the numerous CRL models, we utilize the robotic model called
“Mujoco Half-cheetah” [18,19]. This environment is widely used to assess ML
algorithms for CRL systems. This legged agent aims to maximize its forward
velocity by learning a coordinated movement patterns. The state space of the
agent comprises the positions and velocities of all its joints, and the action space
corresponds to the torques applied to those joints. The agent receives a reward

10

A. Bayeh et al.

proportional to its forward velocity, encouraging it to learn eﬃcient and coordinated locomotion strategies. All experiments were evaluated using version 5 of
the Half-cheetah environment from the Gymnasium library.
5.2

Hyper-parameter Tuning

Table 1 summarizes the hyperparameter’s values for each conﬁguration. These
values are ﬁxed and remain consistent across all model variations.
Table 1. Fine-tuning of the Hyperparameters
Training Parameters
Initial learning rate .α0
1e-3
0.8
Learning decay rate .δ
.Niterations
1000000
Value network loss function .Lvalue MSE
2048
Batch size
0.2
Dropout MLP
PPO Parameters
Discount factor .γ
GAE parameter .λ
Clipping factor .

0.99
0.95
0.2

KAN Parameters
Grid intervals .g
Polynomial’s order .k
DropKAN

6

Validation

6.1

PPO and KAN-PPO Performance

3
3
0.2

Our study utilizes the average returns as the quality metric to compare the
performance of diﬀerent models. Figure 2 presents the performance of PPO and
KAN-PPO under various MLP, KAN and MultKAN architectures. For MLP
models without dropout, all conﬁgurations produced comparable results. The
best performance was achieved by the model with a single hidden layer containing
32 neurons, while the worst performance was observed for the model with two
hidden layers and 64 neurons per layer. This trend suggests that increasing the
number of neurons in the absence of dropout can lead to overﬁtting. In contrast,
the inclusion of dropout consistently improved the performance of MLPs. The
best results were obtained from the MLP conﬁguration with a single hidden

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

11

layer and 64 neurons, closely followed by the model with two hidden layers and
the same number of neurons. The poorest performance was recorded for the
MLP model with a single hidden layer and 32 neurons. This outcome indicates
that, for models with fewer neurons, dropout may overly diminish the eﬀective
capacity, thereby reducing performance relative to conﬁgurations with higher
neuron counts.

Fig. 2. Performance of PPO and KAN-PPO under various architectures in Half-cheetah
environment. Plotted curves represent the mean returns averaged over three independent trials with diﬀerent random seeds. Shaded regions indicate the range of returns,
spanning from the minimum to the maximum observed during the trials.

For the KAN and MultKAN models without dropout, the results indicate
superior performance compared to the MLP models. The KAN-based models
not only achieved higher average returns, but also showed greater stability during training. While in RL, typically the stability of the process can be achieve
by converging to a suboptimal solution, the higher average return observed with
KAN suggests that (although its stability also stems from a suboptimal solution) it generally converges to a better outcome than MLP models. The best
performance among the KAN and MultKAN models was achieved by conﬁgurations with two hidden layers of 32 neurons each, followed by KAN models with
a single hidden layer comprising 32 or 64 neurons. For KAN models, the poorest
performance was observed in the conﬁguration with two layers of 64 neurons,
while all other KAN conﬁgurations achieved comparable results.
With respect to the MultKAN models, the lowest performance was recorded
for single-layer architectures. Overall, the MultKAN models achieved higher
average returns compared to their KAN counterparts, suggesting that additional

12

A. Bayeh et al.

multiplication operations in the MultKAN layers enhance the robustness of the
model for more complex tasks. However, the inclusion of this multiplication
layer appears to reduce the performance of single-layer MultKAN models relative to single-layer KAN models. This observation highlights the need for further
investigation to understand the impact of the multiplication layer on model performance across diﬀerent conﬁgurations. For KAN-based models incorporating
dropout, the results were signiﬁcantly degraded compared to their counterparts
without dropout. The best performance among these models was only marginally
better than the worst performance of the models without dropout.
These observations highlight the detrimental eﬀect of dropout on KAN-based
models and underscore the need for a deeper understanding of its impact. To
address this, we conduct additional studies to further investigate the inﬂuence
of dropout on the performance and stability of KAN models.
6.2

Impact of Dropout Layers

Fig. 3. Performance of MLP and KAN models, evaluated using PPO and KAN-PPO
algorithms and analyzed under various dropout conﬁgurations in Half-cheetah environment. Solid lines in the plots represent the average returns across trials. Shadow areas
represent the range of returns.

The study [2] analyzed the eﬀect of dropout on KAN and introduced the DropKAN model. However, their study was limited to models with a single hidden
layer. We extend this study by evaluating the dropout eﬀect on more complex
tasks and denser architectures. We ﬁrst conduct a comparative study using the
DropKAN model with two hidden layers. Each conﬁguration was evaluated with
two neuron counts per layer: 32 and 64 units. We also include MLP models with
similar conﬁgurations to provide a comprehensive comparison. This comparison
allowed us to measure the impact of dropout within KAN architectures relative
to conventional MLP models.
For this study, all hyperparameters were set according to Table 1, except for
the batch size, which was reduced to 512. The results of the study are presented
in Fig. 3. Each conﬁguration is labeled with an abbreviated name. For example,

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

13

“Mlp 32 d 0.0,0.2” denotes an MLP model with 32 neurons per layer, with
dropout of 0 for the ﬁrst layer and 0.2 for the second layer.
The results show that dropout consistently impacts the performance of MLP
models. The best performance was achieved with the conﬁguration that included
64 neurons per layer and a dropout applied to both layers. All other MLP conﬁgurations exhibited relatively similar outcomes, indicating a degree of robustness
to architectural variations. However, in the MLP model with 32 neurons per
layer and dropout applied to both, the performance was notably unstable and
reduced compared to other MLP conﬁgurations. This suggests that, in this speciﬁc case, the application of dropout may have diminished the eﬀectiveness of
certain neurons, thereby negatively impacting overall performance.
In contrast to MLP models, KAN models showed variable and less predictable
performance with respect to dropout conﬁgurations. Interestingly, KAN models
with 32 and 64 neurons per layer performed best when the dropout was applied
only to the second layer. The worst performance was recorded for the KAN
model with 64 neurons per layer when dropout was applied only to the ﬁrst
layer, highlighting the sensitivity of KAN models to the placement of the dropout
layers.
Although the results of [2] showed that DropKAN model signiﬁcantly outperforms the traditional dropout approach for KAN architectures, the results
of our ablation study indicate that the proposed model exhibits unpredictable
behavior when applied to more complex, densely structured models and tasks.
These observations suggest that the application of dropout regularization to
KAN-based architectures requires further investigation to better understand its
eﬀects and optimize its implementation in such scenarios.
6.3

Impact of Dropout Factor

Building on the results of the ﬁrst study, we conduct a follow-up analysis to
examine the impact of varying dropout rates. For this study, we select the best
performing model from the previous experiment: the DropKAN model with 32
neurons per layer, where dropout was applied exclusively to the second layer.
Starting with a dropout rate of 0.1, the rate incrementally increased to 0.5
for the second layer. Figure 4 presents this experiment’s results, illustrating the
DropKAN model’s performance across diﬀerent dropout rates. The results indicate a clear decline in model performance as the dropout probability increases
from 0.1 to 0.5. Despite this decline, the performance remained consistent across
trials for each dropout rate, demonstrating the model’s predictable response to
changes in the dropout factor. These ﬁndings highlight that the unpredictable
behavior observed in the main study was primarily attributable to the placement
of dropouts within diﬀerent layers, emphasizing the sensitivity of KAN-based
models to the speciﬁc location of dropout application.

14

A. Bayeh et al.

Fig. 4. Performance of KAN models under diﬀerent dropout conﬁgurations in Halfcheetah environment. Lines show the mean of returns across trials. Shadow regions
represent the range of returns.

7

Conclusion and Future Work

In this study, we introduced the KAN-PPO algorithm by integrating KANbased models into the PPO architecture. By replacing traditional MLPs with
KAN-based architectures in the actor and critic networks, we aimed to leverage KAN’s unique function approximation capabilities within RL frameworks.
We performed an empirical analysis and comparison using the Half-Cheetah
environment to demonstrate the eﬀectiveness of the proposed method. Furthermore, we investigated the impact of dropout on KAN-based models through
two conﬁgurations: (1) the placement of the dropout layer and (2) variations
in the dropout factor. Although the ﬁndings reveal certain challenges with the
current dropout implementation for KANs that require further attention, the
overall results highlight the robustness of KAN-based architectures in maintaining consistent performance across diﬀerent conﬁgurations. This work opens
several future directions, including the integration of KAN or MultKAN into
oﬀ-policy algorithms such as Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG) and
Soft Actor-Critic (SAC).

References
1. Abueidda, D.W., Pantidis, P., Mobasher, M.E.: Deepokan: deep operator network
based on kolmogorov arnold networks for mechanics problems. Comput. Methods
Appl. Mech. Eng. 436, 117699 (2025)
2. Altarabichi, M.G.: Dropkan: regularizing kans by masking post-activations. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2407.13044 (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/ARXIV.2407.13044
3. Bresson, R., Nikolentzos, G., Panagopoulos, G., Chatzianastasis, M., Pang, J.,
Vazirgiannis, M.: KAGNNs: kolmogorov-arnold networks meet graph learning. Submitted to Transactions on Machine Learning Research (2024). https://openreview.
net/forum?id=03UB1MCAMr
4. Chen, X., Wang, C., Zhou, Z., Ross, K.: Randomized ensembled double q-learning:
Learning fast without a model. In: 9th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2021, Virtual Event, Austria, May 3-7, 2021 (2021)

KAN-Based On-Policy PPO Method for Continuous Reinforcement Learning

15

5. Cheon, M.: Demonstrating the eﬃcacy of kolmogorov-arnold networks in vision
tasks. arXiv preprint arXiv:2406.14916 (2024)
6. Hausknecht, M., Wagener, N.: Consistent dropout for policy gradient reinforcement
learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:2202.11818 (2022)
7. Hiraoka, T., Imagawa, T., Hashimoto, T., Onishi, T., Tsuruoka, Y.: Dropout qfunctions for doubly eﬃcient reinforcement learning. In: International Conference
on Learning Representations (2022)
8. Kiamari, M., Kiamari, M., Krishnamachari, B.: Gkan: graph kolmogorov-arnold
networks. arXiv preprint arXiv:2406.06470 (2024)
9. Kich, V.A., Bottega, J.A., Steinmetz, R., Grando, R.B., Yorozu, A., Ohya, A.:
Kolmogorov-arnold networks for online reinforcement learning. In: 2024 24th International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems (ICCAS), pp. 958–963.
IEEE (2024)
10. Koenig, B.C., Kim, S., Deng, S.: Kan-odes: Kolmogorov–arnold network ordinary
diﬀerential equations for learning dynamical systems and hidden physics. Comput.
Methods Appl. Mech. Eng. 432, 117397 (2024)
11. Li, Z., Arora, S.: An exponential learning rate schedule for deep learning. In: 8th
International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2020, Addis Ababa,
Ethiopia, April 26-30, 2020 (2020)
12. Liu, Z., Ma, P., Wang, Y., Matusik, W., Tegmark, M.: Kan 2.0: kolmogorov-arnold
networks meet science. arXiv preprint arXiv:2408.10205 (2024)
13. Liu, Z., et al.: Kan: Kolmogorov-arnold networks. arXiv preprint arXiv:2404.19756
(2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/ARXIV.2404.19756
14. Loshchilov, I., Hutter, F.: Decoupled weight decay regularization. In: 7th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2019, New Orleans May 6-9,
2019 (2019)
15. Raﬃn, A., Hill, A., Gleave, A., Kanervisto, A., Ernestus, M., Dormann, N.: Stablebaselines3: reliable reinforcement learning implementations. J. Mach. Learn. Res.
22(268), 1–8 (2021). http://jmlr.org/papers/v22/20-1364.html
16. Salehin, I., Kang, D.K.: A review on dropout regularization approaches for deep
neural networks within the scholarly domain. Electronics 12(14), 3106 (2023)
17. Schulman, J., Wolski, F., Dhariwal, P., Radford, A., Klimov, O.: Proximal policy
optimization algorithms. In: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on
Machine Learning (ICML), pp. 1374–1382 (2017)
18. Todorov, E., Erez, T., Tassa, Y.: Mujoco: a physics engine for model-based control.
In: 2012 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems.
IEEE (2012)
19. Towers, M., et al.: Gymnasium: a standard interface for reinforcement learning
environments (2024). https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.17032
20. Vaca-Rubio, C.J., Blanco, L., Pereira, R., Caus, M.: Kolmogorov-arnold networks
(KANs) for time series analysis. arXiv preprint arXiv:2405.08790 (2024)

Bayesian and Partition-Based
Optimization for Hyperparameter
Optimization of LLM Fine-Tuning
Nathan Davouse(B)

and El-Ghazali Talbi

Univ. Lille, CNRS, Inria, Centrale Lille, UMR 9189 CRIStAL, 59000 Lille, France
nathan.davouse@inria.fr, el-ghazali.talbi@univ-lille.fr

Abstract. Large Language Models (LLMs) have revolutionized natural language processing (NLP) by achieving state-of-the-art performance
across diverse tasks. However, ﬁne-tuning these models for domainspeciﬁc applications is signiﬁcantly constrained by the computational
costs associated with their training. In this paper, we propose two complementary approaches to address the Hyperparameter Optimization
(HPO) challenge in LLM ﬁne-tuning: Bayesian Optimization based on
Gaussian Process (BO-GP) and Partition-Based Optimization (PBO).
On the one hand, BO eﬃciently exploits historical knowledge to achieve
optimal results within a limited number of evaluations, but its inherently
sequential nature poses scalability challenges. On the other hand, PBO
enables massive parallelization, making it more scalable but requiring
signiﬁcantly more evaluations to converge. To leverage their complementary strengths for optimizing expensive objective functions, we investigate these methods and propose a hybrid BO-PBO algorithm. This work
represents a foundational step toward harnessing the potential of parallel
Bayesian Optimization-based algorithms for solving expensive optimization problems in exascale computing environments.
Keywords: Bayesian Optimization · Fine-tuning · Partition-Based
Optimization · Large Language Model

1

Introduction

With the advent of transformer architecture [38], coupled with signiﬁcant
advancements in the ﬁeld of High Performance Computing (HPC), Large Language Models (LLM) have demonstrated exceptional abilities in language understanding and text generation, ﬁrmly establishing themselves as the State-of-theart (SOTA) in Natural Language Processing (NLP). Models such as GPT-4
[30] and LLaMA 3 [17] have rapidly penetrated the personal and professional
domains, transforming workﬂows in academic, industrial and everyday applications.
Despite their success, the computational and data requirements for training
LLMs from scratch make this approach impractical for most users. Fine-tuning
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 16–33, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_2

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

17

has emerged as a critical paradigm, adapting pre-trained models to specialized
tasks using smaller domain-speciﬁc datasets. Although ﬁne-tuning reduces costs
compared to full training, it remains resource intensive, particularly for largescale models. To address this, Parameter Eﬃcient Fine-Tuning methods (PEFT)
[18], such as Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) [22], have become prevalent. LoRA
and its derivatives (e.g., QLoRA [12], LoRA + [19]) reduce computational overhead by using reparametrized weight matrices, where large weight matrices are
approximated with lower-rank decomposition. This approach enables ﬁne-tuning
even on limited-hardware setups.
Even with advancements in PEFT, a signiﬁcant barrier persists: selecting
optimal hyperparameters. Unlike model parameters, which are learned during
training, hyperparameters must be manually speciﬁed and profoundly inﬂuence
model performance. For LoRA-based ﬁne-tuning, hyperparameters such as rank
and scaling factors are critical [37], along with classical parameters such as learning rate and weight decay.
Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) is a well-studied problem [6,7,14] in
Automated Deep Neural Networks (autoDNN) design [34]. However, HPO for
LLM ﬁne-tuning presents unique challenges due to the prohibitive cost of evaluating the objective function. Each evaluation entails computationally expensive training or ﬁne-tuning process, often requiring hours to days on highperformance hardware. These constraints necessitate the adoption of highly eﬃcient optimization techniques.
Bayesian Optimization (BO) [32] is a widely recognized approach for tackling
expensive black-box optimization problems. Its ability to model the search space
using a surrogate function allows it to minimize costly evaluations. However, BO
is by nature sequential, limiting the use of HPC cluster, or exascale computer.
In contrast, Partition Based Optimization (PBO) methods [28,29], which divide
the search space into subregions, enable parallel evaluations but typically require
more function calls to converge. The complementarity of these methods made
way for hybrid algorithms, using surrogate to enhance PBO algorithms.
In this work, we present the HPO problem for LLM ﬁne-tuning, to address
it with Bayesian Optimization and Partition Based Optimization methods. By
comparing these methods, and trying the hybridization, we aim to open the
way for parallel Bayesian algorithm for optimization of very expensive objective
function with exascale computing.

2

Problem Definition

Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) of LLM Fine-Tuning is a very recent problem in literature, with a ﬁrst review on article [26], but HPO for Deep Neural
Network (DNN) is a known ﬁeld with the autoML community. For further reading, Talbi write a taxonomy of autoDNN in article [34].
This problem can be classiﬁed as a black-box objective function optimization, i.e. the objective function cannot be formulated analytically and can’t be
derived. This characteristic constrains the sets of methods to be used directly.

18

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

Following article [35] notation, this problem is also a Mixed-Variables Optimization Problem (MVOP), w.r.t. the set of values possible for each hyperparameter.
The last key aspect of this optimization problem is the cost of evaluating a solution, it can take dozens of minutes to hours, restraining the number of possible
evaluations.
Given a model M, a training dataset Dtrain , a validation dataset Dval
and a set of hyperparameters η, the black-box function can be expressed as
F(η, m, Dtrain , Dval ). This function includes the training of the model, and also
the evaluation using Dval , and allow linking hyperparameters to training and to
evaluation. In this work, the optimization is solely single objective, so the result
of the function F is in R.
Given this function, the optimization problem can be expressed as Eq. 1,
where H is the search space of hyperparameters. The aim of this problem is to
ﬁnd one value being the maximum of the function F (·, ·, ·, ·).
η ∗ ∈ arg max F(η, M, Dtrain , Dval )
η∈H

2.1

(1)

Search Space

The search space is deﬁned with the choice of hyperparameters, theirs bounds,
theirs types and even theirs scales. Well-deﬁned search space is crucial for a
correct application of HPO : if the space is too high-dimensional, the HPO
algorithm will need too many shots to converge to a good solution, if it’s too
small, we are missing it’s relevance.
α
(B.A)
r
s.t. W, W0 , ΔW ∈ Rn∗p , A ∈ Rr∗p and B ∈ Rn∗r
W = W0 + ΔW = W0 +

(2)

The search space is composed of 5 hyperparameters, from classical training
hyperparameters to LoRA speciﬁc ones. Equation 2 summarize LoRA application, w.r.t. it’s hyperparameter, with W0 the weights of the pre-trained model
and W = ΔW the additional gradients to add to obtain W the weights of the
ﬁne-tuned model. A detailed presentation of hyperparameters is just below, but
one can look at table 1 for a summary.
– LoRA rank : the common rank of matrices A and B, scaling the reduction in
terms of number of parameters. It’s an integer, and it’s value range from 1 to
64 to deal with hardware constraints.
– LoRA scale (α) : α is used to scale the values of B ∗ A when added to W0 .
On this work, due to LitGPT framework, it’s an integer, from 1 to 64.
– Learning rate : the learning rate is a classical hyperparameter used in HPO,
weighting the gradient of each weight when doing back-propagation. It is
often tuned in a logarithmic scale, to manage eﬀectively the exploration.
Hyperparameters value is between 10−10 and 10−1 .

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

19

– Dropout probability : based on article [33], dropout is a method used to
prevent over-ﬁtting, by randomly ﬁxing cells/layers to zeroes during one iteration. Being a probability, it’s bounds by 0 and 1.
– Weight decay : weight decay is used to improve generalization capacity, as
proved in article [24], by reducing the weights at each iteration by a small
value, to force the model to use new inputs. Typically, the parameter for
weight decay is set on a logarithmic scale between 10−3 and 10−1 .
Table 1. Summary of Hyperparameter Search Space
Hyperparameters Optimization range
Type Conversion
Lower Bound Upper Bound
Learning Rate

−10

−1

log.

f (x) = 10x

LoRA Rank

2

32

int.

f (x) = round(x)

LoRA scale (α)

16

64

int.

f (x) = round(x)

LoRA Dropout

0

0.5

cont. f (x) = x

Weight Decay

−3

−1

log.

f (x) = 10x

For the 2 integers variables (LoRA rank and LoRA scale), to adapt to continuous optimization algorithms, relax and round methods will be applied. It
means that the integers constraints is relaxed when generating a solution, and is
rounded when evaluating a solution. Others methods like computing with lower
and upper discrete value can be used, but this one was kept for simplicity and
computation costs. For the 2 variables with logarithmic scale (learning rate and
weight decay), to explore with consistency the search space, the optimization
algorithm will be bound between the exponential values of the bounds, and a
logarithm will be applied when evaluating a solution.
2.2

Objective Function

Classically with DNN, the function to optimize might be the loss, sometimes
normalized like Cross-entropy Loss or the accuracy. To avoid data leakage, the
function is computed over a validation dataset, and even a testing dataset, different from the training one. For LLM, the datasets are a lot more diverse than
for images classiﬁcation, and the loss is biased to value the performance of a
LLM, since it take all probabilities inside the function.
A second option to evaluate LLM ﬁne-tuning is to use the accuracy over
standard benchmarks, using multiple-questions choices to process an eﬃcient
evaluation of the performance of the LLM. Article like [39] explain that ﬁnetuned model have better generalization performance, so it’s relevant to evaluate
on a diﬀerent dataset than the training, even if the layout of the inputs change.
State-of-the-art example for ﬁne-tune model are HELLASWAG [42] or MMLU
[20,21]. In this paper, the function to maximize with the HPO is the accuracy
on the Hellaswag datasets.

20

2.3

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

Related Work

To locate this work on a global ﬁeld, this section aims to review relevant problematic and contributions close to this paper.
– AutoDNN : the global autoDNN ﬁelds has been thoroughly explored last
years. Article [34] make a review and a taxonomy of this global ﬁelds. HPO
applied to LLM ﬁne-tuning diﬀers from this especially by the cost of evaluation and the evaluation of the model. Methods or speciﬁc problem of autoDNN
are now infeasible with LLM due to the costs. Speciﬁc methods are then
needed.
– LLM applied to EA : when looking at interaction between LLM and EA,
a lot of articles [9,10,25] are using LLM to enhance or popularize EA and
optimization algorithms. This approach isn’t relevant to our contribution,
since our contribution focus on our optimization expertise.
– Prompt optimization : when linking optimization and LLM, some papers
[13, 41] aims to optimize the prompt, and work with the entire LLM as a
generating black box, without thinking about the architecture or the weights.
This approach has limited eﬀects on LLM, since the performance are still
bound by model training, and they replace the end users for chatbot deployment.
– HPO applied to generation hyperparameter : some hyperparameters like the
temperature are only used when LLM are generating tokens. Some are working
on these hyperparameters, to avoid training costs of working directly with the
ﬁne-tuning hyperparameters.

3

Design and Implementation

In this work, two approaches are considered to perform Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) : Bayesian Optimization based on Gaussian Process (BO-GP)
and Partition Based Optimization (PBO) algorithms like Simultaneous Optimistic Optimization (SOO) [28]. To extract the best of these two approaches, a
hybrid approach will also be presented.
Figure 1 describe the global workﬂow of Hyperparameter Optimization
(HPO), to link with following sections aiming to describe sections of the workﬂow.
The workﬂow is budget-based, meaning all algorithms will be compared
with the same number of evaluations, i.e. the budget. This approach is eﬀective because it ensures a fair comparison by focusing on the evaluation cost,
which is the primary bottleneck in optimization algorithms, rather than computational overhead, which is negligible in this context. The computing time of
the algorithm is negligible in front of evaluation time, making the number of
evaluation a relevant budget metric.

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

21

Fig. 1. HPO workﬂow

3.1

Fine-Tune and Evaluate LLM

HPO is a problem deﬁned for speciﬁc black-box function, and must adequate
with the characteristic of this objective function. As said in Sect. 2, in this work,
the function can be deﬁned as an expensive, mixed-variables, noisy black-box
function. This part aims to present this function, allowing to reproduce it.
The backbone model is LlaMa 3.2-1B [17], a model of the Llama 3 family
of model. Llama 3 models were released by Meta AI in the second part of 2024
(from July to December), as open-source (topology and weights) decoder-only
models achieving state-of-the-art performance. Among Llama 3 models, Llama
3.2 release propose lightweight models (from 1B to 3B weights, excluding vision
models), enabling reproduction of the experiments.
The ﬁne-tuning is performed using AdamW [27] optimizer, along LoRA methods to keep eﬃcient ﬁne-tuning. To achieve performance comparable with full
ﬁne-tuning, LoRA is used on keys, queries, values and attention head output
weight matrices, enabling the training of whole Multi-Head Attention (MHA)
layers.
Then, the training data Dtrain is the Alpaca dataset, published after the
Standford Alpaca Project. It’s composed of 52k lines of IA generated and cleaned
inputs, aiming to improve the behavior of a LLM. This dataset is widely used
[11,12,43] for ﬁne-tuning, guiding our choice for a standard conﬁguration.
For evaluation, Hellaswag [42] dataset was used as Dval , with accuracy as
the metrics to optimize with HPO. It’s a 40k lines datasets released in 2019 as
a challenge datasets, with a random performance of 25 % . All models are also
evaluated on MMLU [21] as a testing dataset, to observe HPO over-ﬁtting.
In terms of framework, all this part is done using LitGPT [36], a framework
develop by Lightning AI team, based on Pytorch [3] environment. This framework is thought for a command line interface utilization, and will be kept as
it is in this work. Behind this framework, it’s PyTorch for training the model,
Huggingface for loading model and datasets, and lm_eval library for managing
evaluation.

22

3.2

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

Bayesian Optimization (BO) : Gaussian Process (GP) Based
Optimization

Bayesian Optimization is often deﬁned as a "sequential model-based approach to
solving problem" [32]. A surrogate model is used to build a posterior considering
prior knowledge formed on known points. On this posterior, an acquisition function is computed to act as the surrogate function for the function to optimize.
Many surrogate models can be used like regression tree [2] or Gaussian Process
(GP) [31]. For further details about BO, one can read review [32].
On this work, a focus is done on GP for the BO surrogate. GP use the kernel
trick to build a Bayesian non-parametric regression model. It uses a mean vector
mi and a covariance matrix Ki,j to deﬁne the prior function as Eq. 3.
f|X ∼ N (m, K)

(3)

Algorithm 1 oﬀer an overview of the BO process. To ease the ﬁrst build
of the surrogate, it’s crucial, as proven in article [40], to sample eﬃciently the
search space. This sampling provides information for the Gaussian Process to
estimate the function. Like article [8], Latin Hypercube Sampling (LHS) is used
as a sampling method, for a deﬁned budget called n_init.
Algorithm 1. BO-GP
Input: Ω,f ,KD ,O,facq ,ninit ,nopt
1: for i = 1 to ninit do
2:
λ ← LHS(Ω, D, ninit )
3:
D ← D ∪ {(λ , f (λ ))}
4: end for
5: for i = 1 to nopt do
6:
KD , μD ← Fit(GP(KD , μD ), D)
7:
λ ← Optimize(facq (KD ), O)
8:
D ← D ∪ {(λ , f (λ ))}
9: end for
10: return best of {(λ∗ , f (λ∗ )) ∈ D}

Initiate with Latin Hypercube Sampling
Sample one point
Add solution and evaluation to set of data
Optimization loop
Generate new point
Evaluate new point

After this preliminary phase, a second phase is done with loop containing the
update of the Gaussian Process, the optimization of the acquisition function to
obtain a new point to evaluate and the evaluation. After the evaluation of the
point, the point is added to the history D and so on. The loop end based on a
budget nopt , with the budget nmax = ninit + nopt
For this algorithm, the ﬁrst requirement is the search space, and the objective
function already described in 2.1 and 2.2 respectively. On the GP part, we need to
deﬁne a Kernel function KD , an acquisition function facq and an Inner Optimizer
O. The acquisition function is logEI, more reliable than EI, based on article [1].
The kernel and the inner optimizer are the standard implementation of Botorch,
introduced in the next paragraph, with a radial basis function kernel and multistart optimization method.

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

23

BoTorch [4] is a Bayesian Optimization library built on PyTorch, designed
for eﬃcient and scalable optimization of expensive black-box functions. Leveraging PyTorch’s GPU acceleration and integration with GPyTorch [16] for Gaussian Processes, BoTorch enables advanced surrogate modeling and optimization.
Botorch is used on this work for all tasks using GP, including this part and
Sect. 3.4
3.3

Partition Based Optimization : Simultaneous Optimistic
Optimization (SOO)

In global optimization, a lot of methods are based on the partition of the search
space [23, 28, 29]. These approaches are mostly deterministic, and enhance intrinsic parallelization ability. For these methods, the dimensionality of the problem is
a key to choose the speciﬁc algorithm. With a dimensionality around 5, based on
benchmarks at the end of article [15], the Simultaneous Optimistic Optimization
(SOO) [28] algorithm seems a good way to start.

Algorithm 2. SOO
Input: Ω,f ,K,nmax
1: x0,0 ← center(Ω),f0,0 ← f (x0,0 ),T1 = {x0,0 , f0,0 , Ω}
Initiate the tree with the
center of Ω
2: n ← 1
3: while n < nmax do
4:
νmax ← −∞
5:
for h = 0 to depth(Tn ) do
Select best open leaf for depth h
6:
j ← arg maxj∈{j|(h,j)∈Ln } f (xh,j )
7:
if fh,j > νmax then
perform K-section of
8:
Ωh+1,kj+1 , . . . , Ωh+1,kj+K ← section(Ωh,j , K)
Ωh,j
9:
for i = 1 toK do
10:
n←n+1
11:
xh+1,kj+i ← center(Ωn )
evaluate the point, the scoring
12:
fh+1,kj+i ← f (xh+1,kj+i )
Add leafh+1,j+i to tree Tn
13:
Tn ← {(xh+1,kj+i , fh+1,kj+i , Ωn+1 )}
14:
end for
15:
νmax ← fh,j
16:
end if
17:
end for
18: end while
19: return best of xh,j , f (xh,j )

SOO is a tree-based space partitioning method for black-box optimization,
inspired by Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) methods. SOO is called optimistic
since it assume the existence of l such that f (x∗ ) − f (x) ≤ l(x, x∗ ) where x∗ is
the maximizer of x. The algorithm partitions the space Ω by building a tree with

24

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

smaller and smaller subspace Ωh,j . The node (h, j), node number j of depth h,
is scored at the center of his space.
An expanded node have K children, making the tree a K-nary tree, K = 3
here. Ln is the open list of the tree, to avoid expanding the same nodes over and
over. At each round, SOO expand a maximum of one node by depth, meaning
that each round score a maximum of depth ∗ (K) solution, enhancing the parallel
evaluation of the solution. Summary of SOO is present in algorithm 2
The original algorithm manages the end of the loop with the hmax (n) function, limiting the depth of the tree search. To compare diﬀerent algorithm, the
stopping criterion here is nmax , the evaluation budget.
3.4

Hybrid Approach : Bayesian Multi-Scale Optimistic
Optimization (BaMSOO)

Surrogate Model-Based Optimization (SMBO) algorithms harness the exploitation of the information to deﬁne a cost-reduced function to optimize. This approach ensure exploitation but have several limitations, including the intrinsic
sequential nature. On the other hand, Partition-based approach are massively
parallel, but are computation costly in front of very expensive objective function. To overcome both limitations, hybrid methods, using surrogates and space
partition, were developed.
In this work, we focus on BaMSOO, a SOO based algorithm. Like SOO,
BaMSOO performs a K-inary partitioning of the space, using the center of the
partition to evaluate.
UCB(x|Dt ) = μ(x|Dt ) + BN ∗ σ(x|Dt )
with BN =

2 log(π 2 N 2 /6η), η ∈ (0, 1)

(4)

The diﬀerence lies primarily in the scoring g(.) of the leaf, with algorithm 3
replacing the scoring of SOO (line 12 of algorithm 2). In the face of an expensive
objective function, BaMSOO leverages a GP surrogate to estimate the potential
of a point, using the Upper Conﬁdence Bound (UCB) as a measure of expected
performance.
Given a partition with center x and historic evaluations Dt , the UCB of x,
deﬁned in Eq. 4, is compared against the best evaluation so far, f + . In this equation, η is a hyperparameter to deﬁne manually, and N the number of evaluations.
If the UCB is higher than f + , the algorithm evaluates x directly using the objective function f (.). Otherwise, the partition is scored using the Lower Conﬁdence
Bound (LCB) of x, reﬂecting the lower bound of potential improvement.
To sum up, this algorithm prevents unpromising evaluations in order to allocate more budget for exploring more promising areas than SOO. This hybrid
approach harness a part of BO-GP exploitation of knowledge without losing the
intrinsic parallel abilities.
For the implementation of the GP components, including the calculation of
LCB and UCB scores, the BoTorch library was employed. This choice ensures

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

25

Algorithm 3. BaMSOO Scoring
1: if UCB(xh+1,kj+i , DN ) ≥ f + then
2:
gh+1,kj+i ← f (xh+1,kj+i )
3:
N ←N +1
4: else
5:
gh+1,j+i ← LCB(xh+1,kj+i , DN )
6: end if
7: if gh+1,j+i > f + then
8:
f + ← gh+1,j+i
9: end if

if x may be better than previous score
Evaluate x
index of the number of real evaluation
Penalize with LCB
+

is the highest score of the tree

computational eﬃciency and robustness, as BoTorch provides a modular framework for Bayesian optimization and GP modeling, seamlessly integrating with
the partition-based structure of BamSOO. By adhering to the implementation
outlined in Sect. 3.2, the framework ensures consistency in surrogate modeling
and acquisition function computation.

4

Computation Experiments

Experiments are done using Grid5000 [5], “a large-scale and ﬂexible testbed for
experiment-driven research in all areas of computer science, with a focus on
parallel and distributed computing including Cloud, HPC and Big Data and
AI.” In speciﬁc, the chuc cluster, in the Lille center, composed of nodes of 4
GPU A100 with 40G of VRAM was used.
Apart from aforementioned hyperparameters (learning rate, LoRA rank ... )
and conﬁguration (weight matrix to apply LoRA), all arguments of LitGPT CLI
is used with default value. The only exception is the number of epochs, ﬁxed
to 1 to reduce computation costs. For next sections, a diﬀerence will be made
between variables (value inside optimization range), and hyperparameters (value
used by the training function) to clarify the reading of the value.
Using this conﬁguration, one epoch of ﬁne-tuning is taking around 31 min.
For the evaluation on both datasets, it’s taking around 12 min. Based on previous
articles, and evaluations durations, the total evaluation budget for experiments is
50 evaluations by each algorithm, including a sampling budget of 10 for Bayesian
Optimization.
The implementation of the previous algorithm, the objective function and
next experiments are all stored in GitHub, following this link : https://github.
com/Kiwy3/BO_PBO_HPO_LLM.
4.1

Sampling Experiment

For the sampling experiment, Latin Hypercube Sampling (LHS) was used with
the same budget as other, i.e. 50 evaluations. Whole experiments took 36 h. The
aims of these experiments is dual: ﬁrst, make a lower bound reference for others

26

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

experiments, and second, explore the search space and the score behavior. To
use as a lower bound, LHS achieve scores of 37.6% for MMLU, and 47.9% for
Hellaswag. These score are inside table 2 (Fig. 2).

Fig. 2. Results of Latin Hypercube Sampling experiment

The correlation between MMLU and Hellswag tend to conﬁrm the relevance
of their choice as a pair for validation and testing dataset. It’s suﬃciently high
to guess that most of the good solution for one will be good for the other one,
but it’s still less than one, making over-ﬁtting visible if present.
For variables, it looks like LoRA alpha, the scaling parameter of LoRA, is
the most inﬂuent on the score, be it Hellaswag or MMLU. Next to it, LoRA
Rank and weight decay are the most inﬂuent, with a diﬀerence in ranking on
the metrics. With this ﬁrst exploration, it looks like Dropout and Learning rate
are not very eﬀectful for this problem, be it the choice of their range or the
implementation.
On the distribution of the score values, it’s interesting to note that Hellaswag
has a broader range of score, making it useful for eﬃciently discriminating solutions. With a broader thinking, the sampling experiment conﬁrm the relevance
to apply HPO algorithms to the described problem. If scores were independent
of variables, or all scores were the same, HPO would be useless.
4.2

BO-GP Experiment

Figure 3 depicts the performance of Bayesian Optimization based on Gaussian
Process (BO-GP) over 50 iterations, measured in terms of the Hyperparameter
accuracy. This visualization highlights the evolution of the optimization process
as it transitions from sampling to the exploitation, and ultimately converges
towards high-performing solutions.
During the sampling phase, as shown by Fig. 3a, evaluated solutions have
the same diversity of solutions than the full sampling experiment, allowing to
eﬃciently extract knowledge from the search space. The algorithm achieves a
stable convergence to mostly high-performing solution.
If we brieﬂy look at Fig. 3b, it’s interesting to look at the diversity of conﬁguration to obtain high-performance, and the trend of the algorithms for each

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

(a) Score over time

27

(b) Variable over time

Fig. 3. Experiment using BO algorithm

variable. For instance, for LoRA alpha, or learning rate, we can observe a clear
trend toward the lower bound of the optimization range.
To summarize, this experiment demonstrate the eﬀectiveness of Bayesian
Optimization in eﬃciently exploiting the knowledge of the search space obtained
in the sampling phase. The optimization process still explores area with high
uncertainty, giving few low-performing solution.
4.3

SOO Experiment

On this experiment, we observe in Fig. 4 the behavior of SOO as it optimizes the
given objective function. The ﬁgure illustrates how the algorithm navigates the
search space, iteratively improving the solution by adjusting the hyperparameters. By examining the trends in performance metrics and variables evolution,
we aim to analyze the convergence behavior, stability, and overall eﬀectiveness
of SOO in this setting.

(a) Score over time

(b) Variable values over time

Fig. 4. Experiment using SOO algorithm

28

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

Figure 4a depicts the accuracy of the hyperparameter dataset as a function
of iterations, with marker colors representing diﬀerent depth conﬁgurations. The
observed trend suggests that most conﬁgurations achieve accuracies around 0.46
throughout the optimization process. Several conﬁgurations converge toward the
higher end of this range, indicating potential stability and eﬀectiveness in learning as iterations progress.
It is evident that higher-depth conﬁgurations tend to cluster around higher
accuracy values, while lower depths display more scattered behavior across the
accuracy spectrum. In speciﬁc, depth 2, with a section on lora alpha seems to
greatly aﬀect the performance on the accuracy. On Fig. 4b, it’s clear on the
limitation of constrained-budget SOO without local exploitation at the end of
the algorithms: Only a few number of values by variables are explored: around 5
by variables, making it equivalent to exploration of a search space of 65 = 7, 776
discrete solutions.
To summarize, SOO achieve a maximum performance closed to the precedent
algorithm, but explore a restricted number of conﬁguration, and lose time by
evaluating unpromising solutions.
4.4

BaMSOO Experiment

The last experiment of this work is using BaMSOO, with η = 1 in Eq. 4, to
reduce the conﬁdence interval and promote approximation, to avoid the evaluation of unpromising points. To look after it, Fig. 5a discriminate evaluated and
approximated points, and might be compared with 4a to look after approximated
points.

(a) Score over time

(b) Depth exploration

Fig. 5. Experiment using BaMSOO algorithm

When compared to Fig. 4a, the pair of evaluations for depth 2, with lowperforming solutions seems to have mostly been approximated. On the whole
experiment, 16 points were approximated, to eﬃciently search further than SOO.
Figure 5b compare the budget allowed on each depth, and highlight the focus
of BaMSOO for lower depth exploration. To summarize, BaMSOO achieve to
speed up SOO, but is still slow in comparison with BO at ﬁrst glance. Moreover,
BaMSOO succeed to prevent most of low-performing evaluation of SOO.

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

4.5

29

Comparison and Analysis

To conclude this section, it’s crucial to directly compare algorithms, especially
their performance, with validation and testing dataset. To look at absolute performance, and not only relative between algorithms, lower and upper bounds
will be used.
Table 2. Bounds on accuracy for validation and testing dataset
Datasets

Lower (LHS) Upper (model card) BO-GP SOO BaMSOO

Hellaswag (validation) 47.90

41.5

47.91

47.84 47.84

MMLU (testing)

49.3

38.11

37.42 37.50

37.61

In face of such experiments, it’s interesting to look at bounds of the metric,
to compare the results. The lower bounds are the results of the experiment
using solely LHS to pick solutions, with the same number of evaluation than
algorithms. LHS being intrinsically parallel, if evaluated algorithms don’t achieve
better performance than a solely exploring one, their beneﬁt isn’t relevant.
For the higher bound, I will look at the higher value in the model card1 of
the model, achieved using advanced ﬁne-tuning methods like Supervised FineTuning (SFT), Rejection Sampling (RS), and Direct Preference Optimization
(DPO). Values are inside Table 2.

Fig. 6. Comparison between 3 algorithms on 2 metrics

At ﬁrst, what’s interesting is to look at testing and upper bounds results.
Since the upper bound is mostly ﬁne-tuned with aimed for MMLU results, the
Hyperparameter upper bounds isn’t really relevant. Considering this, the analysis of this part will mostly be done with MMLU. The best results with MMLU
is Bayesian Optimization (BO), being 23% from the upper bound.
1

https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B.

30

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

With Fig. 6, it’s clearer than BO algorithm is a step more performing than
others algorithms for this problem, especially with the low number of lowperforming solutions evaluated. Apart from this part, the whole results may
suggest that the objective function, or the search space could be diﬀerent, to
have an higher range of results for comparison.

5

Conclusions and Perspectives

For scenarios with a limited number of evaluations, BO demonstrated exceptional eﬃciency, quickly converging to high-performing solutions. In contrast,
SOO, constrained by one-dimensional sections and less promising search dynamics, exhibited slower convergence. The hybrid approach, BaMSOO, successfully
enhanced the convergence rate of SOO while preserving its inherent parallelism
capabilities.
This work pioneers the application of hybrid Bayesian and partition-based
optimization for expensive functions, laying the groundwork for scaling the eﬃciency of Bayesian Optimization to exascale computing environments.
Future research should explore higher-performance architectures, larger models, and expanded datasets to eﬀectively distribute the computational load across
supercomputers. Additionally, extending the search space to include hyperparameters such as Adam momentum would provide new opportunities to further
reﬁne optimization strategies.
Acknowledgments. This work was partially supported by the EXAMA (Methods
and Algorithms at Exascale) project under grant ANR-22-EXNU-0002.
Experiments presented in this paper were carried out using the Grid’5000 testbed,
supported by a scientiﬁc interest group hosted by Inria and including CNRS,
RENATER and several Universities as well as other organizations (see https://www.
grid5000.fr.

References
1. Ament, S., Daulton, S., Eriksson, D., Balandat, M., Bakshy, E.: Unexpected
Improvements to Expected Improvement for Bayesian Optimization (2024).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2310.20708. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
2. Ammari, B.L., et al.: Linear model decision trees as surrogates in optimization
of engineering applications. Comput. Chem. Eng. 178, 108347 (2023). issn: 00981354. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compchemeng.2023.108347. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
3. Ansel, J., et al.: PyTorch 2: Faster Machine Learning Through Dynamic Python
Bytecode Transformation and Graph Compilation (2024). https://doi.org/10.
1145/3620665.3640366. Accessed 06 Jan 2025
4. Balandat, M., et al.: BoTorch: A Framework for Eﬃcient Monte-Carlo Bayesian
Optimization (2020). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1910.06403. Accessed 07 Jan
2025
5. Balouek, D., et al.: Adding Virtualization Capabilities to Grid’ 5000. en, report.
INRIA (2012). Accessed 06 Jan 2025

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

31

6. Bergstra, J., Bardenet, R., Bengio, Y., Kégl, B.: Algorithms for hyper- parameter
optimization. In: Shawe-Taylor, J., Zemel, R., Bartlett, P., Pereira, F., Weinberger,
K. (eds.) Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 24. Neural Information Processing Systems Foundation, Granada (2011)
7. Bischl, B., et al.: Hyperparameter Optimization: Foundations, Algorithms, Best
Practices and Open Challenges (2021). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2107.
05847. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
8. Borisut, P., Nuchitprasittichai, A.: Adaptive latin hypercube sampling for a
surrogate-based optimization with artiﬁcial neural network. Processes 11(11),
3232 (2023). issn: 2227–9717. https://doi.org/10.3390/pr11113232. Accessed 07
Jan 2025
9. Brahmachary, S., et al.: Large Language Model-Based Evolutionary Optimizer: Reasoning with elitism (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2403.02054.
Accessed 07 Jan 2025
10. Cai, J., Xu, J., Li, J., Yamauchi, T., Iba, H., Tei, K.: Exploring the improvement of
evolutionary computation via large language models. In: Proceedings of the Genetic
and Evolutionary Computation Conference Companion, GECCO ’24 Companion,
pp. 83–84. Association for Computing Machinery, New York (2024). isbn: 979-84007-0495-6. https://doi.org/10.1145/3638530.3664086. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
11. Chung, H.W., et al.: Scaling instruction-ﬁnetuned language models. J. Mach.
Learn. Res. 25(70), 1–53 (2024). issn: 1533-7928. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
12. Dettmers, T., Pagnoni, A., Holtzman, A., Zettlemoyer, L.: QLoRA: eﬃcient ﬁnetuning of quantized LLMs. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 36, 10 088–10 115
(2023). Accessed 07 Jan 2025
13. Diao, S., et al.: Black-box Prompt Learning for Pre-trained Language Models
(2023). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2201.08531. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
14. Feurer, M., Hutter, F.: Hyperparameter optimization. In: Hutter, F., Kotthoﬀ,
L., Vanschoren, J. (eds.) Automated Machine Learning: Methods, Systems, Challenges, pp. 3–33. Springer, Cham (2019). isbn: 978-3-030-05318-5. https://doi.org/
10.1007/978-3-030-05318-5_1. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
15. Firmin, T., Talbi, E.-G.: A fractal-based decomposition framework for continuous
optimization (2022). Accessed 07 Jan 2025
16. Gardner, J.R., Pleiss, G.,. Bindel, D, Weinberger, K.Q., Wilson, A.G.: GPyTorch: Blackbox Matrix-Matrix Gaussian Process Inference with GPU Acceleration
(2021). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1809.11165. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
17. Grattaﬁori, A., et al.: The Llama 3 Herd of Models (2024). https://doi.org/10.
48550/arXiv.2407.21783. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
18. Han, Z., Gao, C., Liu, J., Zhang, J., Zhang, S.Q.: Parameter-Eﬃcient Fine-Tuning
for Large Models: A Comprehensive Survey (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/
arXiv.2403.14608. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
19. Hayou, S., Ghosh, N., Yu, B.: LoRA+: Eﬃcient Low Rank Adaptation of Large
Models (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2402.12354. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
20. Hendrycks, D., et al.: Aligning ai with shared human values. In: Proceedings of the
International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR) (2021)
21. Hendrycks, D., et al.: Measuring massive multitask language understanding. In:
Proceedings of the International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR)
(2021)
22. Hu, E.J., et al.: LoRA: low-rank adaptation of large language models (2021).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2106.09685. Accessed 20 Nov 2024

32

N. Davouse and E.-G. Talbi

23. Jones, D.R., Perttunen, C.D., Stuckman, B.E.: Lipschitzian optimization without
the Lipschitz constant. J. Optim. Theory Appl. 79(1), 157–181 (1993). issn: 15732878. https://doi.org/10.1007/BF00941892. Accessed 18 Dec 2024
24. Krogh, A., Hertz, J.: A simple weight decay can improve generalization. In:
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 4. Morgan-Kaufmann
(1991). Accessed 07 Jan 2025
25. Liu, S., Chen, C., Qu, X., Tang, K., Ong, Y.-S.: Large language models as evolutionary optimizers. In: 2024 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation (CEC), pp.
1–8 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1109/CEC60901.2024.10611913. Accessed 07 Jan
2025
26. Liu, X., Wang, C.: An empirical study on hyperparameter optimization for ﬁnetuning pre-trained language models (2021). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2106.
09204. Accessed 04 Dec 2024
27. Loshchilov, I., Hutter, F.: Decoupled Weight Decay Regularization (2019). https://
doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1711.05101. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
28. Munos, R.: Optimistic optimization of a deterministic function without the knowledge of its smoothness. In: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems,
vol. 24. Curran Associates, Inc. (2011). Accessed 07 Jan 2025
29. Nakib, A., Ouchraa, S., Shvai, N., Souquet, L., Talbi, E.: Deterministic metaheuristic based on fractal decomposition for large-scale optimization. Appl. Soft Comput. 61, 468–485 (2017). issn: 1568-4946. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.asoc.2017.07.
042. Accessed 20 Nov 2024
30. OpenAI, et al.: GPT-4 Technical Report (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.
2303.08774. Accessed 13 Dec 2024
31. Rajaram, D., et al.: Empirical assessment of deep gaussian process surrogate models for engineering problems. J. Aircraft 58(1), 182–196 (2021). issn: 0021-8669.
https://doi.org/10.2514/1.C036026. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
32. Shahriari, B., Swersky, K., Wang, Z., Adams, R.P., de Freitas, N.: Taking the
human out of the loop: a review of bayesian optimization. Proc. IEEE 104(1),
148–175 (2016). issn: 1558-2256. https://doi.org/10.1109/JPROC.2015.2494218.
Accessed 13 Dec 2024
33. Srivastava, N., Hinton, G., Krizhevsky, A., Sutskever, I., Salakhutdinov, R.:
Dropout: A Simple Way to Prevent Neural Networks from Overﬁtting (2014)
34. Talbi, E.-G.: Automated design of deep neural networks: a survey and uniﬁed
taxonomy. ACM Comput. Surv. 54(2), 34:1–34:37 (2021). issn: 0360-0300. https://
doi.org/10.1145/3439730. Accessed 20 Nov 2024
35. Talbi, E.-G.: Metaheuristics for variable-size mixed optimization problems: a uniﬁed taxonomy and survey. Swarm Evol. Comput. 89, 101 642 (2024). issn: 22106502. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.swevo.2024.101642. Accessed 20 Nov 2024
36. The Lightning AI team. LitGPT (2023). Accessed 06 Jan 2025
37. Valipour, M., Rezagholizadeh, M., Kobyzev, I., Ghodsi, A.: DyLoRA: Parameter
Eﬃcient Tuning of Pre-trained Models using Dynamic Search- Free Low-Rank
Adaptation (2023). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2210.07558. Accessed 13 Dec
2024
38. Vaswani, A.,et al.: Attention is all you need. In: Advances in Neural Information
Processing Systems, vol. 30, Curran Associates, Inc. (2017). Accessed 20 Nov 2024
39. Wei, J., et al.: Finetuned Language Models Are Zero-Shot Learners (2022). https://
doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2109.01652. Accessed 07 July 2025
40. Wilson, J., Borovitskiy, V., Terenin, A., Mostowsky, P., Deisenroth, M.: Eﬃciently
sampling functions from Gaussian process posteriors. In: Proceedings of the 37th

BO and PBO for HPO of LLM Fine-Tuning

33

International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 10 292–10 302. PMLR (2020).
Accessed 07 Jan 2025
41. Xu, H., et al.: GPS: Genetic Prompt Search for Eﬃcient Few-shot Learning (2022).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2210.17041. Accessed 07 Jan 2025
42. Zellers, R., Holtzman, A., Bisk, Y., Farhadi, A., Choi, Y.: HellaSwag: Can a
Machine Really Finish Your Sentence? (2019). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.
1905.07830. Accessed 06 Jan 2025
43. Zhou, C., et al.: LIMA: less is more for alignment. In: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 36, pp. 55 006–55 021 (2023). Accessed 07 Jan
2025

On Hyperparameter Optimization
of Generative Models in Recommendation
Systems: A Comparative Study,
and Applications
Sanae Filali-Zegzouti1(B) , Oumayma Banouar2 , and Mohamed Benslimanem1
1

Sciences, Engineering and Management Laboratory, Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah
University, Fez, Morocco
sanae.filalizegzouti@usmba.ac.ma
2
Laboratory of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science, Cadi Ayyad
University, Marrakech, Morocco

Abstract. Recommendation systems (RS) have become essential for
providing personalized user experiences across various platforms, suggesting items ranging from products to media content. In recent years,
the incorporation of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), a groundbreaking generative modeling technique introduced in 2014, has significantly enhanced the capabilities of RS. Despite the promise of GANs
in recommendation systems, their performance is highly sensitive to the
choice of hyperparameters. In this paper, we aim to optimize the hyperparameters of a GAN-based approach for learning user latent factors
in matrix factorization, with the goal of improving top-N recommendations. Our study evaluates diﬀerent Hyperparameters Optimization
methods, additionally, we will study the advantages and limitations of
each method.
Keywords: Generative adversarial networks · recommendation
systems · top-N recommendations · hyperparameter optimization ·
GAN

1

Introduction

In our digital age, the exponential growth of data has led to the necessity for
intelligent systems capable of managing and making sense of this information.
Among these systems, Recommendation Systems (RS) and Generative Models
have emerged as crucial tools in a variety of applications, from eLearning to
e-commerce. RS are designed to suggest relevant items to users, signiﬁcantly
impacting industries like retail, entertainment, and social media. By analyzing user behavior, preferences, historical data and demographic data, RS aim to
deliver personalized content, thus so improving user experience and engagement.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 34–50, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_3

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

35

There are primarily three types of recommendation systems: content-based ﬁltering, collaborative ﬁltering, and hybrid methods. Content-based ﬁltering recommends items like those a user has liked in the past, whereas collaborative ﬁltering
suggests items based on the preferences of similar users. Hybrid methods combine both approaches to leverage their respective strengths [1–3, 23]. Generative
Models are a subset of machine learning models that can generate new data
samples from the learned data distribution. Unlike discriminative models, which
predict labels given input data, generative models learn the underlying structure of the data, allowing them to create new instances that are indistinguishable from the real data. These models, such as Generative Adversarial Networks
(GANs) and Variational Autoencoders (VAEs), have revolutionized ﬁelds like
image synthesis, text generation, and data augmentation. GANs consist of two
neural networks, a generator and a discriminator, that compete in a zerosum
game, leading to the creation of highly realistic synthetic data [4,22,23]. The
combination of RS and generative models holds the promise of delivering highly
personalized and innovative user experiences by leveraging the strengths of both
technologies. Generative models can enhance RS by creating synthetic data to
address sparsity issues and generating novel content to recommend. However,
both RS and Generative Models face signiﬁcant challenges in achieving optimal performance, often hindered by the complexity of their conﬁgurations. This
is where Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) becomes crucial. HPO involves
ﬁne-tuning the hyperparameters that control the learning process of these models, ensuring they operate at their best. In this paper, we propose a comparative
study to optimize the hyperparameters of a GAN-based approach for learning
user latent factors in matrix factorization to enhance top-N recommendations.
Additionally, we will study the advantages and limitations of each method. The
key contributions of this paper are summarized as follows:
– Hyperparameter Optimization in GAN-Based Models: Conducts a comparative analysis of hyperparameter optimization techniques for improving the
learning of user latent factors in matrix factorization using GANs.
– Enhancing Top-N Recommendations: Investigates the impact of optimized
GAN conﬁgurations on the eﬀectiveness of top-N recommendation performance.
– Comprehensive Method Evaluation: Provides an in-depth assessment of different hyperparameter optimization strategies applied to GAN-based recommendation models, highlighting their respective advantages and limitations.
– Signiﬁcance for Recommendation Systems: Emphasizes the critical role of
hyperparameter optimization in enhancing the practical applicability and performance of GAN-based Recommendation systems.
The remaining of this article is organized as the following. Section 2 presents
GAN for Recommendation Systems. Section 3 details hyperparameter optimization methods used in this comparative study. In Sect. 4, we present and discuss
the obtained results. The conclusion closes the paper.

36

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

2

GAN for Recommendation Systems

This section explores the concept of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
based RS. The ﬁrst work to incorporate GANs into RS was IRGAN [5], proposed in 2017, which aimed to merge discriminative and generative paradigms
in information re-trieval (IR). GraphGAN leverages the graph structure of useritem interactions and uses GANs to learn embeddings for nodes in this graph.
CFGAN [6]identiﬁes a problem with IRGAN’s training method and proposes
vector-wise training for GANs in RS. Other works have utilized GANs with additional information beyond user-item interactions [7]to address the sparsity of RS
ratings and to model contextual recommendations [8]. Current GAN approaches
like CFGAN attempt to generate a user’s preferences for all items by learning
from the user’s actual preferences. GANs models consist of two neural networks:
the generator and the discriminator, engaged in a competitive game.
2.1

Mathematical Formulation of GAN

Generative adversarial networks, introduced by Goodfellow et al. in 2014 [22],
are deﬁned as a two-player game involving the following elements:
– Probability Space: Denoted as (Ω, μref ), where Ω represents the sample
space and μref represents a probability measure on that space. This deﬁnes
the GAN game.
– Two Players: The generator and the discriminator.
– Generator’s Strategy Set: Represented as P(Ω), the set of all probability
measures μG on the sample space Ω.
– Discriminator’s Strategy Set: Consists of Markov kernels μD : Ω →
P([0, 1]), where P([0, 1]) is the set of probability measures on the interval
[0, 1].
– Zero-Sum Game: The GAN game is zero-sum, meaning the gain of one
player is balanced by the loss of the other.
– Objective Function: The objective function of the GAN game is deﬁned as
follows:
L(μG , μD ) = Ex∼µref ,y∼µD (x) [ln(y)] + Ex∼µG ,y∼µD (x) [ln(1 − y)],

(1)

where E denotes the expectation operator, x ∼ μref signiﬁes sampling from
the reference distribution, and x ∼ μG signiﬁes sampling from the generator’s
distribution. The generator aims to minimize this objective function, while
the discriminator aims to maximize it.
This adversarial process drives the generator to produce data indistinguishable from real data, improving its generative capabilities. Typically, the generator moves ﬁrst, followed by the discriminator, resulting in a minimax game
formulation (Fig. 1):
min max L(μG , μD ) = Ex∼µref ,y∼µD (x) [ln(y)] + Ex∼µG ,y∼µD (x) [ln(1 − y)].
µG

µD

(2)

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

37

Fig. 1. Architecture of GAN

We now focus on GAN variants applied to recommendation systems (RS),
which improve recommendation quality and address various challenges by adapting components of GANs to speciﬁc tasks.
2.2

GAN-Based Matrix Factorization for Recommendation Systems
(GANMF)

Generative Adversarial Network with Matrix Factorization (GANMF) [9] is
an advanced model designed for user proﬁle generation by integrating Matrix
Factorization into a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN). In
GANMF, the generator’s actions are guided by speciﬁc information such as user
identiﬁers, making the model conditional. This allows the generator to produce
more tailored and accurate user proﬁles. The model employs an autoencoderbased discriminator, which distinguishes real user proﬁles from generated ones
using reconstruction error as an energy function. By using an autoencoder, the
discriminator eﬀectively identiﬁes discrepancies between real and synthetic data.
Matrix Factorization is used within the GAN framework to capture essential
data patterns through user and item latent factors, enhancing the model’s ability to represent user preferences. The generator utilizes these latent factors,
along with user identiﬁers, to produce synthetic proﬁles that reﬂect individual user preferences. The generator minimizes the discriminator’s reconstruction
error to deceive it, ensuring the synthetic proﬁles are realistic. Tailored loss
functions, including maximum mean discrepancy, are used to balance the plausibility of generated proﬁles with their ability to capture user traits, ﬁnetuning
the model’s performance. Training involves iterative updates between the generator and discriminator until the discriminator cannot diﬀerentiate between real
and synthetic proﬁles, signifying the generator’s success. This process can be
expressed mathematically as follows:

38

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

Conditional GAN (cGAN): GANMF is based on the framework of a Conditional
Generative Adversarial Network, where the generator’s behavior is conditioned
on speciﬁc information, such as a user identiﬁer y. The objective function for
the cGAN is deﬁned as:
min max Ex∼pdata [log D(x | c)] + Ez∼pz [log(1 − D(G(z | c)))].
G

D

(3)

Autoencoder-Based Discriminator: Unlike conventional cGANs that use binary
classiﬁers as discriminators, GANMF employs an autoencoder-based discriminator, where the reconstruction error serves as the energy function:
D(x) = Dec(Enc(x)) − x 22 .

(4)

where Enc and Dec are the encoder and decoder of the autoencoder, respectively.
Matrix Factorization (MF): GANMF innovatively combines GAN architecture
with Matrix Factorization techniques. It includes two embedding layers: one for
user latent factors and another for item latent factors. The synthetic user proﬁle
is generated as:
(5)
G(y) = V Σ[y, :] ,
where V and Σ are the item and user latent factor matrices, respectively.
Loss Functions: To optimize the generator, GANMF employs a composite loss
function that balances adversarial loss, feature-matching loss, and regularization
terms:
LG (x, y) = (1 − α)D(G(y)) + α Enc(x) − Enc(G(y)) 22 + λG ΩG 22 .

(6)

where:
– (1 − α) and α control the trade-oﬀ between adversarial and feature-matching
losses.
– ΩG 22 is a regularization term with weight λG .

Training Algorithm. The following Algorithm 1 outlines the training process
for the GANMF model. It involves alternating updates between the generator
and discriminator, using loss functions tailored to optimize both components.
The generator learns to produce synthetic user proﬁles that mimic real ones,
while the discriminator distinguishes between real and generated proﬁles based
on reconstruction errors.

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

39

Algorithm 1. GANMF Training
Input: Set of users U , User rating matrix U RM , Parameters ΩD , ΩG , Margin coeﬃcient m, Feature matching coeﬃcient α, Learning rates μD , μG , Batch size B.
Output: Trained generator G model.
1: Initialize D, G
2: numIterations ← |U |/B
3: while stopping condition not met do
4:
for iter = 1 → numIterations do
5:
Discriminator Learning:
6:
y ← sampleBatch(U, B)
7:
fakeProﬁles ← G(y)
8:
realProﬁles ← U RM [y, :]
9:
LD ← computeLoss(realProﬁles, fakeProﬁles)
∂LD
10:
ΩD ← ΩD − μD ∂Ω
D
11:
Generator Learning:
12:
y ← sampleBatch(U, B)
13:
fakeProﬁles ← G(y)
14:
LG ← D(fakeProﬁles)
∂LG
15:
ΩG ← ΩG − μG ∂Ω
G
16:
end for
17: end while

This approach enhances the robustness of recommendation systems, particularly in handling sparse data, leading to improved recommendation accuracy.
However, GANMF also faces several limitations. The complexity of integrating
GANs with matrix factorization adds signiﬁcant computational resources and
longer training times. The training stability of GANs is a well-known challenge,
often leading to mode collapse and instability.

3

HPO in GAN-Based Matrix Factorization
for Recommendation Systems

A GAN-based approach for learning user latent factors in matrix factorization
signiﬁcantly enhances top-N recommendations by capturing complex user-item
interactions. However, the performance and stability of such models heavily
depend on selecting the right hyperparameters. Hyperparameter Optimization
(HPO) plays a crucial role in ﬁne-tuning these parameters to improve training
stability, boost performance, and reduce the risk of overﬁtting. Various HPO
techniques, including Grid Search, Genetic Algorithm (GA), Simulated Annealing (SA), Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), and Bayesian Optimization, can
be employed to eﬃciently explore the hyperparameter space. By leveraging these
advanced optimization methods, we can systematically identify the optimal conﬁguration, ensuring that the model achieves higher accuracy, faster convergence,
and better generalization in real-world recommendation tasks. Hyperparameter
Optimization is the process of tuning the hyperparameters of machine learning

40

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

algorithms to achieve the best performance. Unlike model parameters, which
are learned during training, hyperparameters are set before the learning process
begins and signiﬁcantly inﬂuence the model’s behavior and performance.
Mathematical optimization involves ﬁnding the best solution from a set of
candidates to either maximize or minimize an objective function. Optimization
problems are classiﬁed as constrained or unconstrained, depending on whether
there are limitations on decision or solution variables [13]. In unconstrained optimization, a decision variable x can freely take any real value. An unconstrained
optimization problem can be formulated as:
min f (x),
x∈R

(7)

where f(x) is the ob jective function.
In contrast, real-world optimization problems often involve constraints. In
constrained optimization, the decision variable x must adhere to speciﬁc constraints, which can be expressed as mathematical equalities or inequalities [14].
A constrained optimization problem, also known as a general optimization problem, can be formulated as:
⎧
minf (x)
⎪
⎪
⎪
⎪
⎨ Subject to
hj (x) = 0, j = 1, 2, . . . , p,
⎪
⎪
gi (x) ≤ 0, i = 1, 2, . . . , m,
⎪
⎪
⎩
x ∈ X.
Here, gi (x) represents the inequality constraint functions, hj (x) are the equality constraint functions, and X is the domain of x. Constraints restrict the feasible values of solutions to speciﬁc regions in the search space, known as the
feasible region. Hyperparameter optimization (HPO) involves four main components: an estimator with its objective function, a search space, an optimization
method to ﬁnd hyperparameter combinations, and an evaluation function to
compare performance across diﬀerent conﬁgurations [14]. The primary objective
of HPO is to minimize the objective function f(x), , such as error rate or root
mean squared error, by identifying the hyperparameter conﬁguration x within
the search space X. HPO aims to achieve optimal or near-optimal model performance within given resource constraints. Model performance is assessed using
metrics like accuracy, RMSE, F1-score, and false alarm rate. Time constraints are
also critical, as HPO optimization can be time-intensive [12]. The HPO process
includes selecting an objective function, performance metrics, hyperparameters
for tuning, and appropriate optimization techniques [11]. Training ML models
on large datasets is computationally expensive, and HPO techniques often use
data sampling. Eﬀective HPO optimization algorithms should handle approximate objective function values and consider computational costs. Appropriate optimization algorithms are essential for HPO problems to identify optimal
hyperparameter conﬁgurations for ML models [15].

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

3.1

41

Grid Search and Random Search

The traditional approach to optimizing hyperparameters involves using the Grid
Search (GS) method [16]. This technique systematically explores a predeﬁned
subset within the hyperparameter space of the training algorithm. Since the
parameter space of a ML algorithm may include regions with real or unbounded
values for certain parameters, it is essential to deﬁne boundaries for the grid
search. While GS faces challenges in high-dimensional spaces, it oﬀers the advantage of potential parallelization. This is because the values tested for hyperparameters by the algorithm are typically independent of each other, allowing
for concurrent exploration of diﬀerent combinations. Random Search (RS) was
introduced to overcome limitations of GS. Unlike GS, which systematically tests
all values within a hyperparameter space, RS randomly selects a set number of
samples distributed within speciﬁed bounds [16]. This approach aims to identify global optima or approximate them eﬃciently, even with a limited budget.
RS is advantageous due to its parallelization and resource allocation ease, as
each evaluation is independent. Its computational complexity is O(n), where n
is the number of evaluations. While RS is more eﬃcient than GS for large search
spaces, it still involves unnecessary evaluations by not leveraging information
from previously successful conﬁgurations.
The Fig. 2 presents an illustrative comparison between grid search and random search. When evaluating nine conﬁgurations to optimize a function f , which
is strongly inﬂuenced by a secondary function h, it becomes evident that random
search explores nine distinct values of h. In contrast, grid search examines only
three unique values.

Fig. 2. The diﬀerence between random search and grid search [25]

42

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

3.2

Bayesian Optimization

Bayesian Optimization (BO), outlined by Snoek [17], is an iterative algorithm
widely used for HPO. Unlike GS and RS, BO uses past results to guide future
evaluations. It employs a surrogate model and an acquisition function: the surrogate model ﬁts observed points to the objective function, and the acquisition function decides which points to evaluate next by balancing exploration
(sampling in unexplored areas) and exploitation (sampling in promising regions
identiﬁed by the posterior distribution). BO aims to eﬀectively identify optimal regions while avoiding premature convergence to suboptimal solutions. The
fundamental procedures of BO are outlined as follows:
1. Build a probabilistic surrogate model of the objective function.
2. Identify the optimal hyperparameter values on the surrogate model.
3. Apply these hyperparameter values to the real objective function for evaluation.
4. Update the surrogate model with new results.
5. Repeat steps 2–4 until the maximum number of iterations is reached.
BO iteratively updates a surrogate model based on objective function evaluations. Its eﬃciency surpasses GS and Random Search by leveraging previously
tested values to ﬁnd optimal hyperparameter combinations. BO’s use of a surrogate model is computationally cheaper than evaluating the full objective function, making it ideal for navigating complex and costly hyperparameter spaces.
Figure 3 demonstrates Bayesian optimization leveraging a Gaussian process
[17] surrogate model with the upper conﬁdence bound as the acquisition function f , following seven evaluations of the target function. The solid blue line
represents the target function to be optimized, while the dashed line and yellow
surface illustrate the surrogate model’s predicted mean and associated uncertainty [25].
3.3

Genetic Algorithm

The Genetic Algorithm (GA), discussed in [18], is a popular metaheuristic approach based on evolutionary principles, mimicking the idea that individuals with
superior survival and adaptability traits are more likely to pass on their capabilities to future generations. In the context of HPO, GA treats each chromosome or
individual as a hyperparameter, representing its value as a decimal in each evaluation. Chromosomes consist of binary genes, and operations such as crossover
and mutation are performed on these genes. The key steps of GA include:
1. Initialization: Randomly initialize a population that represents potential
solutions within a search space, where each chromosome encodes hyperparameter values.
2. Evaluation: Assess the ﬁtness of each individual in the population using a
ﬁtness function that reﬂects the objective of optimizing a machine learning
model.

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

43

Fig. 3. Example of Bayesian Optimization with a Gaussian Process [25].

3. Genetic Operations: Apply selection, crossover, and mutation operations
to create a new generation of hyperparameter conﬁgurations for evaluation.
4. Repeat: Repeat the evaluation and genetic operations iteratively until a
termination condition is satisﬁed.
5. Output: Terminate and output the optimal hyperparameter conﬁguration.
Population initialization is crucial in GA, impacting convergence speed and performance. Random initialization is commonly used to generate hyperparameter
conﬁgurations for the initial population, assigning random values within the
search space. GA’s simplicity allows it to perform well without complex initializations, making it suitable when expertise in deﬁning search spaces is limited.
However, GA introduces additional hyperparameters such as ﬁtness function
type, population size, crossover rate, and mutation rate. Its sequential nature
hinders parallelization eﬀorts, and its time complexity, , can lead to ineﬃciencies
in convergence speed.
3.4

Simulated Annealing

Simulated Annealing (SA) is an optimization algorithm inspired by the metallurgical annealing process [19]. As a metaheuristic technique, SA employs a
probabilistic search approach to uncover the global optimum within complex
and often multimodal search spaces. This algorithm is particularly eﬀective in
scenarios where conventional optimization methods struggle with rugged and
non-convex landscapes. SA’s unique ability to move away from local optima
and explore diverse regions within the search space makes it highly eﬀective
for tackling optimization challenges in intricate landscapes. Additionally, SA
demonstrates versatility and applicability across various optimization problems,
including both combinatorial and continuous optimization tasks. The steps of
SA are as follows:

44

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

1. Initialization: Start with an initial solution x0 and initial temperature T0
2. Iteration: Repeat until the stopping condition is met:
(a) Generate a new solution x by making a small random change to x.
(b) Calculate the change in the objective function, Δf = f (x ) − f (x).
(c) Accept x if Δf < 0; otherwise, accept x with probability exp(−Δf /T ).
(d) Update the current solution x to x if accepted.
(e) Reduce the temperature T according to the cooling schedule.
3. Termination: Return the best-found solution when the stopping condition
is met.
3.5

Particle Swarm Optimization

Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), as detailed in [20], is a class of evolutionary
algorithms widely applied to optimization problems. Inspired by the behaviors
observed in biological populations, where both individual and social dynamics
play a role, PSO algorithms guide a group of particles (a swarm) through the
search space in a semi-random manner [21]. The collaborative and informationsharing interactions among individual particles within the swarm enable PSO
to identify optimal solutions. In the PSO framework, a swarm S comprises n
particles represented as S = {S1 , S2 , . . . , Sn }. Each particle Si is described by a
vector:
(8)
Si = xi , vi , pi
where xi is the current position, vi is the current velocity, and pi is the known
best position of the particle up to that point. The PSO algorithm follows these
steps:
1. Initialization: Initialize the position and velocity of each particle.
2. Evaluation: Evaluate and record each particle’s position and performance
score
3. Update Velocity: Adjust the velocity vi of each particle based on its previous best position pi and the current global optimal position p :
vi := vi + U (0, u1 ) · (pi − xi ) + U (0, u2 ) · (p − xi )

(9)

where U (0, u) represents continuous uniform distributions based on acceleration constants u1 and u2 .
4. Move Particles: Update the particles’ positions based on their new velocity
vectors:
(10)
xi := xi + vi .
5. Repeat: Repeat the steps until convergence or termination criteria are met.
In PSO, particles iteratively adjust their positions and velocities based on local
and global information, exploring the search space.

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

4

Experiments and Performance Comparison

4.1

Datasets

45

In this study, we evaluate the mentioned methods using three well-known
datasets in the RS community: MovieLens 1M, LastFM, and MovieLens HetRec.
Dataset statistics are in Table 1. We focus on implicit comments by excluding
movie ratings, keeping only user-item interactions, and forming a user-item rating matrix (URM). The data is split into training and testing sets at a 4:1 ratio,
including users with at least two interactions. The test suite is only used for ﬁnal
evaluation of the algorithms.
Table 1. Dataset Statistics

4.2

Dataset

Interactions Users Items Sparsity

ML 1M

1,000,209

6,040 3,706 95.53%

LastFM

92,834

1,884 17,626 99.72%

ML HetRec 855,598

2,113 10,109 96.00%

Metrics

We use two metrics to compare results: Mean Average Precision (MAP) and
Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG).
Mean Average Precision (MAP). MAP is a metric used in recommendation
systems to measure how well the system ranks and suggests relevant items to
users. A higher MAP indicates better recommendation quality.
– Precision: Precision@k is calculated as the number of relevant items in the
top-k recommendations divided by k.
– Average Precision (AP): AP is the average of precision values at diﬀerent
ranks, weighted by the relevance at each rank. It is calculated as:
AP =

1
N

N

Precision@k × Relevance@k

(11)

k=1

– Mean Average Precision (MAP): MAP is the mean of AP scores over
all queries and is calculated as:
Q

M AP =

1
APi
Q i=1

(12)

46

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG). NDCG is a metric
for recommendation systems that assesses the quality of recommendation lists.
NDCG ranges from 0 to 1, with 1 indicating a perfect ranking where all relevant
items are at the top. It measures how well a recommendation system ranks and
orders items for users.
– Discounted Cumulative Gain (DCG): DCG at rank k is calculated as:
k

DCG@k =

2reli − 1
log2 (i + 1)
i=1

(13)

where reli is the relevance of the item at position i.
– Ideal Discounted Cumulative Gain (IDCG): IDCG at rank k is the
DCG value of the ideal ranking where all relevant items are at the top and is
calculated as:
k
2reli − 1
(14)
IDCG@k =
log2 (i + 1)
i=1
– Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG): NDCG at rank k
is the ratio of DCG to IDCG and is calculated as:
N DCG@k =

DCG@k
IDCG@k

(15)

NDCG ranges from 0 to 1, with 1 indicating a perfect ranking where all
relevant items are top-ranked.

4.3

Implementation and Numerical Results

Search Space. We employed the Adam optimizer for updating the weights of
GANMF and utilized eﬃcient hyperparameter tuning methods to optimize the
hyperparameters of GANMF (Algorithm 1). The tuning was conducted within
the following search space (Table 2):
Numerical Results. The performance of optimization methods on diﬀerent
datasets is assessed through several key metrics, consolidated into Table 3 for
comparative analysis. The uniﬁed table evaluates results from three datasets:
MovieLens 1M, LastFM, and MovieLens HetRec. Metrics include Mean Average
Precision (MAP) and Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG) across
various cutoﬀ points. This combined view oﬀers a comprehensive overview of
method performance, highlighting their eﬀectiveness under diﬀerent datasets
and evaluation criteria.
The Fig. 4 illustrates the execution times (in seconds) for diﬀerent optimization methods across three databases: 1M ML database, LastFM database, and
ML HetRec database.

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

47

Table 2. Hyperparameter Search Space
Hyperparameter

Type

Search space

Number of epochs

Discrete

[1, 200]

Number of latent factors

Discrete

[1, 200]

Units in the coding layer of AE

Discrete

[1, 512]

Margin coeﬃcient m

Discrete

[1, 10]

Batch size

Categorical value {16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024}

Feature matching coeﬃcient α

Continuous

[0.0001, 0.01]

Regularization coeﬃcients λD and λG Continuous

10−6 , 10−1

Learning rates μD and μG

[0.0001, 0.1]

Continuous

Table 3. Comparison of Experimental Results on MovieLens 1M, LastFM, and ML
HetRec

5

Dataset

Method MAP@5 NDCG@5 MAP@10 NDCG@10

1M ML

RS
GA
SA
PSO
BO

0.2736 0.3765
0.3084 0.4079
0.2586 0.3618
0.3048 0.4113
0.3419 0.4404

0.2173
0.2445
0.2041
0.2438
0.2756

0.3493
0.3740
0.3356
0.3808
0.4055

LastFM

RS
GA
SA
PSO
BO

0.1667 0.2491
0.1630 0.2452
0.1538 0.2333
0.1509 0.2296
0.2003 0.2918

0.1169
0.1148
0.1077
0.1053
0.1402

0.2162
0.2132
0.2029
0.1977
0.2513

ML HetRec RS
GA
SA
PSO
BO

0.4896 0.5839
0.4819 0.5757
0.2586 0.3618
0.4590 0.5473
0.5255 0.6076

0.4060
0.4030
0.2041
0.3876
0.4499

0.5372
0.5316
0.3356
0.5092
0.5641

Analysis and Discussion

The results from the analysis reveal that Bayesian Optimization (BO) consistently outperforms other optimization methods across all datasets and metrics,
indicating its eﬀectiveness in ﬁnding optimal solutions. However, this high performance comes with higher execution times. Genetic Algorithm (GA) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) also show strong performance, often competing closely, with GA generally having faster execution times than PSO, making
it a more eﬃcient choice in similar performance scenarios. Simulated Annealing (SA), while having moderate execution times, consistently shows the lowest

48

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

Fig. 4. Time execusion by dataset and by HOP method

performance across all datasets and metrics, indicating its limited eﬀectiveness
compared to other methods. Random Search (RS) performs better than SA but
worse than the other optimization methods, with high execution times making
it less eﬃcient.
These ﬁndings highlight the importance of selecting appropriate optimization methods based on speciﬁc task requirements, such as performance, execution time, and computational resources. Bayesian Optimization stands out for
its eﬀectiveness, but in time-sensitive applications, GA and PSO oﬀer a good
balance between performance and eﬃciency.
Additionally, to further strengthen the statistical reliability of our ﬁndings,
future experiments will be conducted over 30 independent runs for each nondeterministic optimization algorithm. While our current study already provides
valuable insights into the eﬀectiveness of various hyperparameter optimization
techniques, this additional step will ensure even greater robustness in our conclusions. Given that Genetic Algorithm, Particle Swarm Optimization, and Simulated Annealing rely on stochastic processes, multiple runs will help account
for variability in performance and provide a more comprehensive evaluation. By
averaging key performance metrics and reporting standard deviations, we will
further validate the consistency of our results. Additionally, statistical signiﬁcance tests will be applied to conﬁrm whether observed performance diﬀerences
are meaningful rather than due to random ﬂuctuations. This reﬁnement will
not only reinforce the reliability of our ﬁndings but also enhance the practical applicability of our study, ensuring that our recommendations for optimiza-

On Hyperparameter Optimization of GAN in RS

49

tion techniques in GAN-based recommendation systems are well-supported and
reproducible.

6

Conclusion

In conclusion, integrating Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) into Recommendation systems, particularly as collaborative ﬁltering models, represents
a signiﬁcant advancement in improving top-N recommendations. This comparative study focused on optimizing GAN-based approaches for learning user latent
factors through matrix factorization, yielding valuable insights.
Eﬃcient hyperparameter tuning methods within a deﬁned search space
facilitated the evaluation of optimization techniques—Random Search, Genetic
Algorithm, Simulated Annealing, Particle Swarm Optimization, and Bayesian
Optimization—across multiple datasets (MovieLens 1M, LastFM, and MovieLens HetRec).
These ﬁndings emphasize the importance of selecting optimization methods
based on speciﬁc application requirements, such as performance, execution time,
and computational resources. For time-sensitive applications, Genetic Algorithm
and Particle Swarm Optimization oﬀer competitive performance with faster execution times compared to Bayesian Optimization. Future work could explore
hybrid approaches or enhancements to these methods to improve their eﬃciency
and eﬀectiveness by using quantum algorithms [24], which accelerate the training
process and enhance the performance of generative models by ﬁnding optimal
hyperparameter settings more quickly and eﬀectively.

References
1. Isinkaye, F.O.: Recommendation systems: principles, methods and evaluation.
Egypt. Inf. J. 16(3), 261–273 (2015)
2. Deldjoo, Y.A.: A review of modern fashion recommender systems. ACM Comput.
Surv. 1–37 (2023)
3. Joshi, A.V.: Recommendation systems. In: Machine Learning and Artiﬁcial Intelligence, pp. 251–260 (2022)
4. Creswell, A., White, T., Dumoulin, V., Arulkumaran, K., Sengupta, B., Bharath,
A.A.: Generative adversarial networks: an overview. IEEE Signal Process. Maga.
35(1), 53–65 (2018)
5. Wang, J., et al.: Irgan: a minimax game for unifying generative and discriminative
information retrieval models. In: Proceedings of the 40th International ACM SIGIR
Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, pp. 515–524
(2017)
6. Chae, D.K., Kang, J.S., Kim, S.W., Lee, J.T.: CFGAN: a generic collaborative
ﬁltering framework based on generative adversarial networks. In: Proceedings of the
27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management,
pp. 137–146 (2018)
7. Cai, X., Han, J., Yang, L.: Generative adversarial network based heterogeneous
bibliographic network representation for personalized citation recommendation.
In: Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artiﬁcial Intelligence, vol. 32, no. 1
(2018)

50

S. Filali-Zegzouti et al.

8. Liu, W., Wang, Z. J., Yao, B., Yin, J.: Geo-ALM: POI recommendation by fusing
geographical information and adversarial learning mechanism. In: IJCAI, vol. 7,
pp. 1807–1813 (2019)
9. Dervishaj, E., Cremonesi, P.: GAN-based matrix factorization for recommender
systems. In: Proceedings of the 37th ACM/SIGAPP Symposium on Applied Computing, pp. 1373–1381 (2022)
10. Liao, L., Li, H., Shang, W., Ma, L.: An empirical study of the impact of hyperparameter tuning and model optimization on the performance properties of deep
neural networks. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. (TOSEM) 31(3), 1–40 (2022)
11. Elansari, T., Ouanan, M., Bourray, H.: A novel mathematical modeling for deep
multilayer perceptron optimization: architecture optimization and activation functions selection. Stat. Optim. Inf. Comput. (2024)
12. Yang, L., Shami, A.: On hyperparameter optimization of machine learning algorithms: theory and practice. Neurocomputing 415, 295–316 (2020)
13. Edwine, N., Wang, W., Song, W., Ssebuggwawo, D.: Detecting the risk of customer
churn in telecom sector: a comparative study. Math. Probl. Eng. 2022(1), 8534739
(2022)
14. El-Hassani, F.Z., Amri, M., Joudar, N.E., Haddouch, K.: A new optimization model
for MLP hyperparameter tuning: modeling and resolution by real-coded genetic
algorithm. Neural Process. Lett. 56(2), 105 (2024)
15. Ghafoor, H.Y., Jaﬀar, A., Jahangir, R., Iqbal, M.W., Abbas, M.Z.: Fake news
identiﬁcation on social media using machine learning techniques. In: Proceedings
of International Conference on Information Technology and Applications: ICITA
2021, pp. 87–98. Springer, Singapore (2022)
16. Bergstra, J., Bengio, Y.: Random search for hyper-parameter optimization. J.
Mach. Learn. Res. 13(2) (2012)
17. Snoek, J., Larochelle, H., Adams, R.P.: Practical bayesian optimization of machine
learning algorithms. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 25 (2012)
18. Elansari, T., Ouanan, M., Bourray, H.: Mixed radial basis function neural network
training using genetic algorithm. Neural Process. Lett. 55(8), 10569–10587 (2023)
19. Tsai, C.W., Hsia, C.H., Yang, S.J., Liu, S.J., Fang, Z.Y.: Optimizing hyperparameters of deep learning in predicting bus passengers based on simulated annealing.
Appl. Soft Comput. 88, 106068 (2020)
20. Shi, Y., Eberhart, R.C.: Parameter selection in particle swarm optimization. In:
Evolutionary Programming VII: 7th International Conference, EP98 San Diego,
California, USA, 25–27 March 1998, Proceedings 7, pp. 591–600. Springer, Heidelberg (1998)
21. Elansari, T., Ouanan, M., Bourray, H.: A classiﬁer based on mixed radial basis
function network and combinatorial optimization model for medical diseases diagnosis. J. Ambient. Intell. Humaniz. Comput. 15(10), 3663–3674 (2024)
22. Goodfellow, I., et al.: Generative adversarial nets. In: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 27 (2014)
23. Filali-Zegzouti, S., Oumayma, B., Mohamed, B.: Classiﬁcation of Recommender
systems using Deep Learning based generative models. In Proceedings of the Statistics and Data Science Conference 2023, pp. 164–169 (2023)
24. Ouedghiri, O., Banouar, O., Raghay, S., El haddaj, S.: Intelligent recommender
system based on quantum clustering and matrix completion. Concurr. Comput.
Pract. Exp. 34(3) (2022). https://doi.org/10.1002/cpe.6943
25. Baratchi, M., et al.: Automated machine learning: past, present and future. Artif.
Intell. Rev. 57(5), 1–88 (2024)

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A
Path to Better Performance
Yinuo Guo1 , Mustafa Mısır1(B) , and Zhongyi Hu2
1

Division of Natural and Applied Sciences, Duke Kunshan University, Kunshan, China
{yinuo.guo,mustafa.misir}@dukekunshan.edu.cn
2
School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan, China
zhongyi.hu@whu.edu.cn

Abstract. Machine learning algorithms have been widely adopted across a variety of application domains. However, training models and evaluating their performance is often time-consuming and computationally expensive. Furthermore,
the identification of (near-)optimal learning strategies, including design choices
and hyperparameter configurations, remains a significant challenge, as these decisions substantially influence the quality of learning outcomes. To address these
issues, Automated Machine Learning (AutoML) has been developed with the
aim of minimizing manual intervention and automating the creation of ready-touse machine learning pipelines. Despite the widespread adoption of numerous
successful AutoML systems, their performance is observed to vary across different datasets and learning scenarios. Algorithm selection has been proposed as a
solution to this limitation, enabling the recommendation of algorithms on a perinstance basis. In this study, algorithm selection is utilized to enhance the capabilities of existing AutoML frameworks with minimal additional effort. A comprehensive empirical evaluation is conducted on 39 diverse tasks from the OpenML
platform, involving 6 state-of-the-art AutoML methods. The results demonstrate
that the integration of algorithm selection not only amplifies the strengths of current AutoML systems but also leads to improved performance and robustness.
These findings highlight the practicality and efficacy of algorithm selection as a
critical advancement for the next generation of AutoML technologies.
Keywords: Algorithm Selection · AutoML · Classification · OpenML

1 Introduction
Artificial Intelligence (AI) [1] has been a part of an increasing trend both in academia
and industry. The primary element in this rise is Machine Learning (ML) [2]. ML
is concerned with the algorithmic aspect of AI, aiming at learning without explicit
instructions while relying on experience in the form of data. The success of ML in
a wide range of applications depends on the specifications of the learning algorithms,
the quality of the relevant data, and its size. Focusing on the algorithms, their behavior
is affected by their internal design choices and the values assigned to their parameters, i.e., hyper-parameters. Despite the ML success stories, many surpassing the expert
level human performance, determining the right setting of the ML algorithms may be
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 51–63, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_4

52

Y. Guo et al.

cumbersome. Hyper-parameter Optimization (HPO) [3] targets discovering the best
possible hyper-parameter setting for a particular ML algorithm concerning a certain
learning task. There have been strong algorithmic development efforts to deliver HPO
approaches, lately even with Large Language Models (LLMs) [4]. Beyond HPO, Automated ML (AutoML) [5–7] as an umbrella term, deals with both the design decisions
and hyper-parameters combined thoroughly. AutoML essentially focuses on all the elements of the ML pipelines, with the goal of fully automating the model generation
process while focusing on individual tasks in those pipelines [8]. That being said, modelling the design choices as parameters allows to approach AutoML as a HPO problem.
Additionally, there have been sub-fields such as Architecture Optimization or Neural
Architecture Search (NAS) [9]. NAS has been particularly popular, for delivering taskspecific, (near-)optimal neural network architectures. This job has been critical, especially in the area of Deep Learning (DL), to build complex and effective architectures.
Meta-learning [10] is closely related to this field, utilizing learning from previous experiences. When applying a specific ML model to a particular task, the configuration can
be determined by analyzing the interplay between the model and the task. This prior
experience is characterized by the meta-data or meta-features. Combined with the metadata, the previous knowledge can be transferred to the current study, resulting in significant time savings, especially considering the computational demands of AutoML tasks.
Many AutoML pipelines integrate meta-learning in some way. Auto-sklearn 2.0 [11]
as an example, employs meta-features to define similarities between datasets, including
metrics like the number of instances and missing values, and record the performance of
different algorithms trained on the datasets. When the pipeline encounters a new task,
it recommends an algorithm based on the most similar dataset. Though several successful AutoML systems have emerged, none performs better than the others on every
instance. This fact underscores the importance of per-instance-based analysis. One way
to automatically predict the best performance on an instance level is to use Algorithm
Selection (AS) [12]. This study accommodates AS on top of AutoML. The idea is to
utilize existing AutoML systems for offering improved AutoML performance. In other
words, this setup adds another layer on AutoML systems, providing profound metainformation, similar to the Cross-domain AS (CdAS) idea [13]. It takes the features of
datasets and performance data as input to an dataset-specific AutoML choice.
For the case study, an existing system, ALORS [14], which formulates AS as a
recommendation task, is employed. This choice is motivated by ALORS’s prior application on OpenML, a collaborative ML platform. OpenML’s significance stems from
a previous study [11], which provided the experimental setup analyzed in this work.
That study involved 39 classification tasks and reported a comparative evaluation of
6 AutoML systems. The dataset features were directly obtained from OpenML. The
results demonstrated that AS outperformed each of the 6 standalone AutoML systems.
In the following parts of this paper, Sect. 2 briefly provides an outlook both on
AutoML and AS. Section 3 discusses the methodology alongside the experimental
setup. The empirical results and the discussions are then provided in Sect. 4. Section 5
finalizes this article by a summary and future research plans.

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

53

2 Background
2.1 Automated Machine Learning (AutoML)
Numerous domains benefit from the power of Machine Learning (ML) techniques.
Despite their successes, even exceeding expert performance, building a strong ML
model is not always that straightforward. At the best case, it will require a trial-and-error
phase to come up with a proper ML setup. To simplify the development cycle, AutoML
systems efficiently build machine learning models even when users lack related knowledge. AutoML has been broadly conceptualized as a search and optimization problem.
The search space, .Θ, includes the set of all possible configurations for any part of the
ML pipeline. The strategies along with their hyper-parameters for data preparation, feature engineering, model generation, and model estimation constitute that search space
[8].
∗
.θ = arg min L(fθ , Dval )
θ∈Θ

where .L refers to the criteria assessing the quality of a model .fθ or a loss/objective
function, trained on a dataset .Dtrain , using a validation dataset .Dval . Additionally, various constraints can be identified such as computational budget, the maximum number
of configurations to check, or restrictions come from the underlying hardware both for
training and inference. For explaining the existing AutoML approaches, the key characteristics of several prominent frameworks are outlined below.
– Auto-sklearn 2.0 [11] is an enhanced version of Auto-sklearn 1.0, using a banditbased successive halving approach to allocate resources to promising configurations.
It leverages meta-learning to analyze dataset characteristics and employs Bayesian
optimization to construct portfolio and ensemble models for each instance.
– Auto-WEKA (AW) [15], in a way an earlier variant of Auto-sklearn 1.0, on WEKA,
which is a Java-based Machine Learning (ML) environment. It aims to solve the
Combined Algorithm Selection and Hyper-parameter Optimization (CASH) problem using Sequential Model-based Algorithm Configuration (SMAC) and Treestructured Parzen Estimator (TPE). The follow-up work [16] extends the framework
from classification to regression and integrates it into the WEKA ecosystem.
– H2O [17] is a distributed AutoML framework that efficiently explores large datasets.
It combines the fast random search and stacked ensembles methods, which are relatively straightforward compared with the other frameworks. H2O offers various
choices for the regression, classification, and clustering algorithms, including Gradient Boosting, Deep Learning, Random Forest, and Hierarchical Clustering. It shows
competitive results on the OpenML benchmarks.
– TPOT [18] is a tree-based AutoML pipeline using genetic programming (GP). It
focuses on ML pipelines, including classification, feature preprocessing, selection,
and combination operators. Each operator modifies the dataset, enabling the construction of tree-based pipelines with a top-.k selection and final classification unit.
The genetic tree structures are optimized via GP using the NSGA-II strategy and an
evaluate-select-crossover-mutate cycle.

54

Y. Guo et al.

Many promising AutoML systems exist, such as LightAutoML [19], AMLBID [20],
and AlphaD3M [21]. Additionally, cloud-based AutoML platforms like Amazon SageMaker, IBM Auto-AI, and Google Auto-ML have gained significant popularity and are
widely applied in critical domains such as natural language processing and computer
vision. It is also worth noting that existing ML libraries and frameworks provide various
AutoML capabilities [22].
2.2

Algorithm Selection

Recognizing that algorithm performance can vary significantly across the problem
instances of all the domains, identifying an optimal algorithm for a given problem
solving task is a pivotal pursuit. Particularly, domains such as Boolean Satisfiability
(SAT), Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP), and Hyper-parameter Optimization (HPO)
encounter challenges due to their expensive optimization or search nature. Consequently, Algorithm Selection (AS) has gained significant attention, from finding the
(near-)best solver(s) for any problem solving tasks.
Traditionally, AS has been built in the form of performance prediction models. The
basic idea is to predetermine the expected performance of a set of algorithms for a target
scenario or a problem instance. Following those prediction values, the best algorithm
expectedly is picked to solve that target problem instance. Formally, AS is based on
.F̂ : P × A → R, where .P represents the problem domain’s instances and .A represents
considered algorithms. The outcome selection can be defined in the way of the mapping
.Ŝ : P → A, to determine the optimal solution for
S(i) = argminF (pi , a) , pi ∈ P.

.

a∈A

Notably, all the instances possess identifiable features .fˆ : P → Rd , with .d representing the number of features per instance [23]. Starting from this basic strategy, a
variety of AS designs have been proposed. One of the well-known AS approaches is
SATzilla [24]. It efficiently solves SAT problems, particularly proven by its success in
the relevant SAT competitions. Following a feature extraction process from the SAT
instances, the existing solvers were run to obtain the pre-trained performance data,
and then deploys classification models for predictive tasks. Some AS methods benefit from clustering to group similar instances, then link the best algorithmic choice for
each instance type. ISAC [25] applies clustering strategies based on the feature space,
while SUNNY [26] utilizes the k-nearest neighbor (KNN). This enables performance
estimation within the identified clusters, empowering the anticipation of the most fitting algorithm for new instances. Additionally, combining ranking and regression [27]
directly predicts the rank of algorithms instead of the computation time or other numeric
results, which could be potentially problematic. Extreme algorithm selection [28] concentrates on the optimal algorithm within a pervasive candidate space, considering both
the problem and algorithmic feature spaces. Beyond that, there have been efforts to
deliver feature-free AS systems [29, 30].
Nevertheless, significant challenges remain. Two key components for AS—feature
and performance data—are often incomplete due to resource constraints, resulting in

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

55

sparse training data. The ability to incorporate such sparse data while maintaining comparability is crucial. ALORS [14] addresses this by using matrix completion based on
collaborative filtering (CF) to recommend algorithms.

3 Methodology
We consider 39 benchmarks from the OpenML website, utilizing 6 AutoML systems:
Auto-sklearn 1.0, Auto-sklearn 2.0, Auto-WEKA, TPOT, H2O, and Tuned Random
Forest. As suggested in the previous section, the compelling performance of ALORS
across various fields convinced us to combine ALORS with the AutoML frameworks.
Nevertheless, any other Algorithm Selection (AS) method could have been used as well,
since the focus is to show the effectiveness of AS.
Algorithm 1. ALORS: cold-start functionality
Input
Rank performance matrix M ∈ Rn×m
Instance features representation X ∈ Rn×d
Description x of the current problem instance
Learning latent factor model Φ
Build E = (xi , Ui ) , xi ∈ Rd , Ui ∈ Rk , i ∈ 1 . . . n
Rk from E
Learn the mapping Φ : Rd
Algorithm selection
Compute Ux = Φ(x) as the latent representation
Estimate the performance of j-th algorithm Ux , Vj
Return recommendation argmin Ux , Vj
j=1...m

The initial dataset features were retrieved via the OpenML API, with up to 107 features per dataset. Many datasets contain significant missing values, and only a dozen
features are common to all datasets. To balance missing value tolerance and feature
count, a 10% threshold for missing values was applied, reducing the feature set to 48.
Missing values were imputed using .k-Nearest Neighbors (.k-NN) with .k = 5. Alternatively, a subset of 14 features without any missing values across all datasets was
considered for both training and testing.
Concerning the Algorithm Selection (AS) procedure, Algorithm 1 provides the partial pseudocode of ALORS [14]. Due to the use of Collaborative Filtering (CF), ALORS
allows building AS models with incomplete performance data. However, that aspect is
not a focus area in this work, thus only its cold-start functionality, so its pure recommendation capability is detailed. Referring to the earlier, traditional AS formal description,
ALORS also takes an algorithm-problem instance performance matrix and features representing the instances of the target problem as inputs. Unlike the other AS systems,
ALORS performs performance prediction indirectly, after building a mapping model
between two sets of features. The initially selected, either those 48 or 14 features are
mapped to the latent (hidden) features extracted from the performance data. To be specific, Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) is applied for Matrix Factorization (MF).

56

Y. Guo et al.

The resulting features characterize the problem instances in the eye of the algorithms
rather than solely relying on those initially chosen features. It should be noted that, SVD
additionally outputs features representing the candidate algorithms which are those 6
AutoML techniques. SVD simply operates as
M = U ΣV

≈E UK · VK

.

where .Σ has non-negative values on the first diagonal in a decreasing order. .U and .V
are corresponding square matrices. Then, a low-rank-.k approximation is performed by
zeroing out rows below the .kth row in .Σ and rewriting .U , .V into .Uk , .Vk , representing
the latent features. The latent features are then predicted through the initially provided
descriptive features for each per-instance selection task. Followingly, those features are
used to calculate the rank predictions of the constitutent AutoML systems. Next, those
predictions are converted into a selection decision, with the AutoML method that is
expected to achieve the best performance among the candidates.

4 Computational Results
As mentioned earlier, the experimental setup is adopted from [11], with features directly
retrieved from OpenML. No special adjustments were made to favor Algorithm Selection (AS). ALORS, applied as AS, uses 10-fold cross-validation (10-CV) and a rank5 Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) for factorization. The mapping in ALORS is
implemented using Random Forest (RF).
Table 1 and 2 show the performance of each AutoML system alongside with
ALORS using two feature sets. The first one is with the aforementioned 48 features
Table 1. Comparison of the AutoML systems against ALORS in terms of ranks, when all the
features are used with 5-NN imputation for the missing values, 48 in total
AS 2.0 AS 1.0 AW TPOT H2O TunedRF ALORS
AVG 1.85

3.38

6.72 4.97 2.97 5.26

1.78

STD 0.98

1.56

0.56 1.43 1.37 1.48

0.90

MIN 1

1

5

1

1

1

1

MAX 4

6

7

7

6

7

4

Table 2. Comparison of the AutoML systems against ALORS in terms of ranks, where all the
features without any missing values, 14 in total, are accommodated
AS 2.0 AS 1.0 AW TPOT H2O TunedRF ALORS
AVG 1.95

3.41

6.72 4.97 3.03 5.26

1.62

STD 1.07

1.55

0.56 1.43 1.36 1.48

0.9

MIN 1

1

5

1

1

1

1

MAX 4

6

7

7

6

7

4

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

57

after imputation via .5-Nearest Neighbor (NN) while the latter results belong to the case
where 14 features are utilized, without a need of imputation. Both results indicate that
ALORS outperforms those 6 AutoML systems when they are used in a standalone manner. For the first case (Table 1), the average rank difference between ALORS and AS
2.0 which is the best performing standalone AutoML strategy is rather close, with the
ranks of 1.78 and 1.85, respectively. When those 14 features without any missing values are used (Table 2), ALORS delivers improved performance achieving the average
rank of 1.62 while AS 2.0 comes with the average rank of 1.95. It is rather expected
to see better performance from the second scenario than the first one. This is because
the second feature set is smaller, better aligned with the limited number of datasets, and
more reliable due to the absence of heavy imputation required in the first configuration.
Additionally, having smaller standard deviation in comparison to AS 2.0 is an indicator
of robustness.
Since the ALORS selector is applied in this paper, the similarities of instances are
extracted by SVD. Figure 1 visualizes the cluster separation when a low-rank-5 latent
representation is benefited. Those 39 benchmark datasets are separated into two groups,
one consisting of multiple small-sized clusters. Going into the details further, highly
similar datasets can be identified, given as follows: (bank-marketing, nomao), (albert,
robert), (miniboone, kddcup09, mfeat-factors), (fashion-mnist, volkert), (higgs, shuttle), (dilbert, jannis), (adult, connect-4, vehicle).
Although not all those similar groups are resembling on paper, not even from the
same domains, their expectations in terms of the learning tasks are closely comparable.
This outcome can be largely beneficial for identifying cheaper datasets to be used for
AutoML training by only providing a diverse yet a small dataset.
The effectiveness of the instance clusters is supported by the analysis of features.
The significance of the 48 selected features is portrayed in the accompanying Fig. 2,
the left one. This significance is quantified by the Gini Index, a metric derived from

Fig. 1. Hierarchical clusters of instances using the latent features extracted from the performance
data in rank by SVD (.k = 5).

58

Y. Guo et al.

Fig. 2. Importance of the OpenML instance features, using Gini Index/Importance concerning the
full features set with imputation through 5-NN. The features represented in blue indicate the ones
contributing to the AS model significantly more than the others. (Color figure online)

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

59

Fig. 3. Importance of the OpenML instance features, using Gini Index/Importance concerning the
features which have no missing values across the utilized datasets.

60

Y. Guo et al.

Fig. 4. Hierarchical clusters of the AutoML methods using the latent features extracted from the
performance data in rank by SVD (.k = 5).

RF computations during the feature mapping process in the ALORS system. The figure
highlights the top 6 crucial features:
–
–
–
–
–
–

PercentageOfBinaryFeatures
NumberOfNumericFeatures
NumberOfInstances
MinorityClassSize
MinorityClassPercentage
MinSkewnessOfNumericAtts.

A similar feature importance analysis is also reflected in Fig. 3, where those 14
features without imputation are used. This outcome indicates that the derived selection
models share similar characteristics.
Additionally, the dissimilarities among the tested AutoML systems are evaluated.
Figure 4 shows that these systems cannot be distinctly clustered. This aligns with
the performance results, indicating no one-size-fits-all solution and highlighting the
interconnected nature of instances. Despite challenges in distinguishing the systems,
ALORS captures subtle differences and enhances overall performance.

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

61

5 Conclusion
This paper explores the use of per-instance Algorithm Selection (AS) to enhance Automated Machine Learning (AutoML). AutoML is designed to optimize the setup for
learning tasks by identifying suitable design choices, components, and hyper-parameter
values. However, no single AutoML system is universally superior due to the limitations posed by the No Free Lunch (NFL) theorem. To address this, AS is leveraged to
identify the most appropriate AutoML system for each task. Specifically, ALORS, an
existing AS method, is utilized to match datasets with the most suitable AutoML approach among six systems, rather than relying on a single method for all datasets. Despite
a limited setup of 39 datasets, it is demonstrated that applying AS across AutoML systems leads to both performance improvement and increased robustness.
As this is the first step towards delivering AutoML with improved robustness, there
are many more steps to cover concerning follow-up research. To be specific, only 39
datasets are present referring to the original study providing the experimental setup.
Referring to the comment pointed out earlier, the number of datasets is quite small for
building strong machine learning (ML) models, so the AS models. Thus, they will be
extended by utilizing the existing, other AutoML benchmarks, also referring to the ones
in the area of Neural Architecture Search (NAS) and Hyper-parameter Optimization
(HPO) particularly. Following this extension, more AutoML or HPO methods will be
accommodated, enhancing both the analysis and quality. Next, since AutoML is mainly
falling into the category of expensive optimization, more criteria beyond performance
will be taken into account such as model building cost for each approach. Alongside
with this idea to explore, the setting will be investigated as a multi-objective task.
Acknowledgments. The research results of this article are sponsored by the Kunshan Municipal
Government research funding.

References
1. Jordan, M.I.: Artificial intelligence–the revolution hasn’t happened yet. Harvard Data Sci.
Rev. 1, 1–9 (2019)
2. Jordan, M.I., Mitchell, T.M.: Machine learning: trends, perspectives, and prospects. Science
349, 255–260 (2015)
3. Bischl, B., et al.: Hyperparameter optimization: foundations, algorithms, best practices, and
open challenges. Wiley Interdisc. Rev. Data Mining Knowl. Disc. 13, e1484 (2023)
4. Liu, S., Gao, C., Li, Y.: Large language model agent for hyper-parameter optimization. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2402.01881 (2024)
5. Karmaker, S.K., Hassan, M.M., Smith, M.J., Xu, L., Zhai, C., Veeramachaneni, K.: Automl
to date and beyond: challenges and opportunities. ACM Comput. Surv. (CSUR) 54, 1–36
(2021)
6. Barbudo, R., Ventura, S., Romero, J.R.: Eight years of automl: categorisation, review and
trends. Knowl. Inf. Syst. 65, 5097–5149 (2023)
7. Salehin, I., et al.: Automl: a systematic review on automated machine learning with neural
architecture search. J. Inf. Intell. 2, 52–81 (2024)

62

Y. Guo et al.

8. He, X., Zhao, K., Chu, X.: Automl: a survey of the state-of-the-art. Knowl.-Based Syst. 212,
106622 (2021)
9. Ren, P., et al.: A comprehensive survey of neural architecture search: challenges and solutions. ACM Comput. Surv. (CSUR) 54, 1–34 (2021)
10. Vanschoren, J.: Meta-learning. In: Automated Machine Learning, pp. 35–61. Springer, Heidelberg (2019)
11. Feurer, M., Eggensperger, K., Falkner, S., Lindauer, M., Hutter, F.: Auto-sklearn 2.0: handsfree automl via meta-learning. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 23, 11936–11996 (2022)
12. Kerschke, P., Hoos, H.H., Neumann, F., Trautmann, H.: Automated algorithm selection: survey and perspectives. Evol. Comput. 27, 3–45 (2019)
13. Misir, M.: Cross-domain algorithm selection: algorithm selection across selection hyperheuristics. In: IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI), pp. 22–29
(2022)
14. Mısır, M., Sebag, M.: ALORS: an algorithm recommender system. Artif. Intell. 244, 291–
314 (2017)
15. Thornton, C., Hutter, F., Hoos, H.H., Leyton-Brown, K.: Auto-weka: combined selection and
hyperparameter optimization of classification algorithms. In: Proceedings of the 19th ACM
SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, pp. 847–855
(2013)
16. Kotthoff, L., Thornton, C., Hoos, H.H., Hutter, F., Leyton-Brown, K.: Auto-weka: automatic
model selection and hyperparameter optimization in weka. In: Automated Machine Learning: Methods, Systems, Challenges, pp. 81–95 (2019)
17. LeDell, E., Poirier, S.: H2o automl: scalable automatic machine learning. In: Proceedings of
the AutoML Workshop at ICML, vol. 2020 (2020)
18. Olson, R.S., Bartley, N., Urbanowicz, R.J., Moore, J.H.: Evaluation of a tree-based pipeline
optimization tool for automating data science. In: Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO), pp. 485–492 (2016)
19. Vakhrushev, A., Ryzhkov, A., Savchenko, M., Simakov, D., Damdinov, R., Tuzhilin, A.:
Lightautoml: automl solution for a large financial services ecosystem. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2109.01528 (2021)
20. Garouani, M., Ahmad, A., Bouneffa, M., Hamlich, M., Bourguin, G., Lewandowski, A.:
Using meta-learning for automated algorithms selection and configuration: an experimental
framework for industrial big data. J. Big Data 9, 57 (2022)
21. Drori, I., et al.: Alphad3m: machine learning pipeline synthesis. arXiv:2111.02508 (2021)
22. Jin, H., Chollet, F., Song, Q., Hu, X.: Autokeras: an automl library for deep learning. J. Mach.
Learn. Res. 24, 1–6 (2023)
23. Tornede, A., Gehring, L., Tornede, T., Wever, M., Hüllermeier, E.: Algorithm selection on a
meta level. Mach. Learn. 112, 1253–1286 (2023)
24. Xu, L., Hutter, F., Hoos, H., Leyton-Brown, K.: SATzilla: portfolio-based algorithm selection
for SAT. J. Artif. Intell. Res. 32, 565–606 (2008)
25. Kadioglu, S., Malitsky, Y., Sellmann, M., Tierney, K.: ISAC–instance-specific algorithm
configuration. In: Proceedings of the 19th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence
(ECAI), pp. 751–756 (2010)
26. Amadini, R., Gabbrielli, M., Mauro, J.: Sunny: a lazy portfolio approach for constraint solving. Theory Pract. Logic Program. 14, 509–524 (2014)
27. Hanselle, J., Tornede, A., Wever, M., Hüllermeier, E.: Hybrid ranking and regression for
algorithm selection. In: Schmid, U., Klügl, F., Wolter, D. (eds.) KI 2020. LNCS (LNAI), vol.
12325, pp. 59–72. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-58285-2_5

Enhancing AutoML with Algorithm Selection: A Path to Better Performance

63

28. Tornede, A., Wever, M., Hüllermeier, E.: Extreme algorithm selection with dyadic feature
representation. In: Appice, A., Tsoumakas, G., Manolopoulos, Y., Matwin, S. (eds.) DS 2020.
LNCS (LNAI), vol. 12323, pp. 309–324. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/
978-3-030-61527-7_21
29. Loreggia, A., Malitsky, Y., Samulowitz, H., Saraswat, V.A.: Deep learning for algorithm
portfolios. In: Proceedings of the 13th Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), pp.
1280–1286 (2016)
30. Seiler, M.V., Kerschke, P., Trautmann, H.: Deep-ela: deep exploratory landscape analysis
with self-supervised pretrained transformers for single-and multi-objective continuous optimization problems. arXiv preprint arXiv:2401.01192 (2024)

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary
Algorithm
El-Ghazali Talbi1(B)
1

and Nathan Bouvier2

Univ. Lille, CNRS, Inria, Centrale Lille, Villeneuve d’Ascq Cedex, France
el-ghazali.talbi@univ-lille.it
2
Ecole Normale de Lyon, Lyon, France
nathan.bouvier@ens-lyon.fr
Abstract. Neuromorphic computing (NC) introduces a novel paradigm
called Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs), representing a major shift
from traditional digital computing. NC leverages spiking neurons, adaptive synapses, event-driven processing, and biologically-inspired learning
mechanisms to develop eﬃcient, brain-like systems optimized for realtime, parallel processing and low power consumption.
In this paper, we propose an algorithm that integrates the principles
of evolutionary algorithms (EAs) with NC to create eﬃcient and energyaware metaheuristics. The proposed neuromorphic EA (NEVA) has been
mapped on a SNN which involves deﬁning the neuron model, information
encoding, network architecture, and learning rules. To our knowledge this
is the ﬁrst EA designed using the NC paradigm. Computational experiments on QUBO, 3-SAT, and knapsack problems show the eﬃciency of
the proposed NEVA algorithm. By designing a neuromorphic memetic
algorithm that combines EAs with local search, the results have been
improved both in terms of solution quality and search time.
Keywords: Neuromorphic optimization · Neuromorphic Evolutionary
algorithm · Spiking Neural Networks · Neuromorphic Memetic
Algorithm

1

Introduction

Managing energy consumption in AI and optimization is essential for sustainability, cost-eﬀectiveness, and minimizing carbon footprints. Achieving a balance
between computational demands and energy eﬃciency is a central focus in AI
and optimization research and development.
Digital and NC represent two distinct paradigms with signiﬁcant diﬀerences
in architecture, functionality, and energy eﬃciency. Digital computing, based on
the traditional Von Neumann architecture, separates processing and memory
units and relies on binary logic gates and sequential execution of instructions
stored in memory. Although modern digital processors have greatly improved
energy eﬃciency through advances in semiconductor technology and power management techniques, they can still consume considerable power, particularly
when running complex algorithms or handling data-intensive tasks.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 64–79, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_5

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

65

Inspired by biological brains, NC systems mimic neural networks with interconnected neurons and synapses. These systems aim to emulate the parallel and
event-driven processing observed in the brain. NC operates with SNNs where
information is encoded in the timing of spikes (events). NC systems are designed
to be highly energy-eﬃcient and are particularly suitable for tasks that beneﬁt
from parallelism and low-power operation.
NC has primarily been applied to cognitive tasks such as machine learning,
where its brain-inspired architecture excels in processing sensory data, pattern
recognition, and real-time decision-making. An emerging area of interest involves
extending the use of NC to solve optimization problems. It has been acknowledged that neuromorphic computers possess several characteristics that make
them appealing for optimization algorithms. These characteristics include [1]:
inherent massively parallel computation, native scalability, sparsity of activity,
event-driven computation, stochastic operations, collocated processing and memory, and simple spike-based communication between components. By harnessing
these unique features, NC can eﬀectively handle various types of computational
tasks. This capability opens up opportunities to apply NC in optimization, leveraging its eﬃciency and adaptability. The contributions of this paper can be
summarized as follows:
– A neuromorphic evolutionary algorithm (NEVA) that organizes a population
of individuals as SNNs has been proposed. To our knowledge this is the ﬁrst
evolutionary algorithm designed using SNNs computational paradigm.
– The proposed NEVA algorithm has been used to solve the Quadratic Unconstrained Binary Optimization (QUBO), 3-SAT and knapsack problems. Those
problems have gained prominence as versatile models for tackling various
combinatorial optimization challenges, such as Max-Cut, Graph Coloring and
Partitioning, among others.
– A neuromorphic memetic algorithm (NEMA) combining EAs and local search
has been designed to improve the performances of NEVA.
The paper is organized as follows. Section 2 (resp. Sect. 3) presents the main
concepts of NC (resp. parallel EAs). In Sect. 4, the proposed neuromorphic evolutionary algorithm (NEVA) is detailed in terms of design and implementation.
Section 5 provides some computational experiments on the most popular binary
optimization problems: QUBO, 3-SAT and knapsack. Finally, Sect. 6 draws the
main conclusions of this work and gives some perspectives.

2

Neuromorphic Computing

The history of NC began in the 1980s when Carver Mead introduced the concept
of building computer systems inspired by the brain’s neural architecture, aiming
to overcome the limitations of traditional Von Neumann designs [2]. Early eﬀorts
focused on analog circuits mimicking neuron-like behavior, but it wasn’t until
the 2010s that signiﬁcant progress was made with the development of digital
neuromorphic chips like IBM’s TrueNorth and Intel’s Loihi, which used SNNs to

66

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

simulate brain functions and enable real-time adaptation. These advancements
have positioned NC as a promising approach for energy-eﬃcient and parallel
processing.
NC is a brain-inspired approach for designing hardware and software systems
that mimic the structure and functionality of neural networks. Unlike traditional
computing, which follows a sequential Von Neumann architecture, NC systems
emulate the parallel, event-driven processing of biological neurons, enabling eﬃcient, adaptive computation with lower power consumption. In NC, several key
concepts have to be deﬁned in designing an optimization algorithm: neuron and
synapse models, information encoding, and the network topology of the SNN.
Neuron models are the core processing units in NC systems. Instead of continuous outputs like in traditional artiﬁcial neural networks (ANNs), these neurons communicate via discrete electrical pulses called “spikes”. The neuron model
typically aims to capture the essential features of biological neurons while being
computationally eﬃcient. It deﬁnes how input spikes inﬂuence the neuron’s membrane potential and how it generates output spikes. These models vary both in
the biological characteristics of real neurons they can replicate and in their computational complexity.
In NC, information is encoded in the timing and rate of spikes (spike trains)
rather than in continuous values like in digital ANNs. Key aspects of information encoding include spike timing, rate timing and population coding. Synapses
transmit spikes between neurons, and their weights inﬂuence the learning process. Static synapses are used for ﬁxed interactions. Dynamic synapses allow the
network to learn patterns or adapt to changing environments through plasticity
mechanisms, like Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity (STDP), where the synaptic weight changes based on the timing of pre- and post-synaptic spikes. The
structure of the SNN, or topology, deﬁnes how neurons are connected to one
another. Common topologies include feedforward networks and recurrent networks. Neuromorphic systems may also incorporate hierarchical organization,
where layers or modules of neurons perform diﬀerent levels of processing. This
allows for abstraction of information and complex feature extraction.

3

Parallel Evolutionary Algorithms

EAs are a family of metaheuristic algorithms inspired by biological evolution
and natural selection. They are used to solve diﬃcult optimization problems by
mimicking the process of natural selection, reproduction, mutation, and survival
of the ﬁttest [3]. The search components that are diﬃcult to design using the NC
paradigm are the selection and the replacement of the population. They require a
globally shared memory of what “good” solutions are in the population. Mapping
sequential EAs onto a SNN, each neuron will need information from all the
other synapses. However, biological neurons only have access to the information
available from neighbor neurons. Hence, parallel structured populations of EAs
are more adapted to NC paradigm.

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

3.1

67

Cellular Evolutionary Algorithms

Parallel EAs are a class of optimization algorithms designed to improve performance and scalability by distributing computation across multiple processing
elements. The most suited parallel model for NC is the CEA one, in which
the population of individuals is mapped on the SNN. The proposed algorithm
takes into account the sparsity of synapses by using interaction graphs with low
degree, which are beneﬁcial in order to contain local optima with spacial separation. Moreover, information is only shared locally between neurons. Cellular EAs
(CEAs) combine principles from cellular automata and EAs. The population of
an EA is mapped on a spatially structured graph (e.g. grid, lattice), where the
vertices represent the individuals, and the edges represented the neighborhood
of the individuals. Selection and mating are restricted to the neighborhood. The
overlapping of the neighborhoods allow some interaction among all the individuals. This local interaction promotes diversity and delays convergence, making
it well-suited for massively parallel asynchronous systems. This CEA model has
been initially investigated in [4,5]. This family of parallel EAs is also named
ﬁne-grained parallel genetic algorithm [6] or cellular genetic algorithms [7]. This
model has a high degree of parallelism, local interaction, and slow information
ﬂow between distant individuals.
In designing a CEA, the main design questions to be answered are:
– The exchange decision criterion (When?): The exchange of information
between individuals can be determined through diﬀerent approaches: blind
(periodic or probabilistic) or adaptive criteria. Unlike periodic or probabilistic
methods, adaptive exchanges adjust communication based on evolving conditions such as the quality or performance of solutions. For example, adaptive
exchanges may consider metrics like the improvement in the best local solution found so far.
– The exchange topology (Where?): The communication exchange topology
determines how individuals interact. In general, regular graphs such as ring,
grid, mesh are used.
– The information exchanged (What?): this parameter speciﬁes the information to be exchanged between the individuals. In general this information is
composed of current or best found individuals.
– The replacement policy (How?): the replacement policy deals with the usage
of the received individual. Any deterministic or probabilistic elitist replacement strategy may be applied.

4

A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm (NEVA)

The neuromorphic structure of SNNs makes modeling population evolution intuitive. Individuals interact via time-based signals and maintain sparse connections
with one another. The goal of NEVA is to promote the formation of clusters that
share solutions with their neighboring individuals. Typically, multiple synaptic

68

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

signals connected to the same output are summed as integers, and the synaptic weight acts as a multiplier for any spike traveling through the connection.
Another challenge to face is the limitation of today’s neuromorphic devices,
mainly the sparsity of synapses and the locality of memory. Should an algorithm
be designed to match these inherent properties, or can we assume that future
hardware will improve their performances on these points?
4.1

The Generic Algorithm Design of NEVA

The goal is to optimize a function f : {0, 1}D → R. Without loss of generality, we will try to maximize f . In NEVA, each individual in the population is
modeled as a neuron with its own unique solution, interacting with neighboring
neurons. Sparse communication is a critical factor when working with neuromorphic devices. We deﬁne our SNN as a graph G = (V, E) that encodes the
relations between neurons (e.g. grid). In this paper, we use a torus topology
(Fig. 1), but any other topology might be used such as rings, grids and random
graphs.

.
.

s

.
(1)

.

Fig. 1. A torus topology of spiking neurons, where a given neuron S is ﬁring a spike
to its neighbours.

Each en,m ∈ E represents D + 1 synapses going from n to m. We will refer
to post synaptic values as mc and md1 . . . mdD . Once n’s pre-synapse nc receives
only one spike from it’s neighbours, it will read nd1 . . . ndD in a vector temp and
recombine it with its internal values datan .
Each neuron n ∈ V will carry out a crossover operation with its neighbours
if not in reset period (rn > 0), using the crossover in e. If f (e) > f (datan ),
datan is set to the newly generated solution e. The n’s period for sending datan
to neighbours τ is then set to 0, resulting in an increase in ﬁring rate. When
ﬁring, this period is randomly increased (τn ← τn + Random(0, 1)), and a spike
is sent to all post-synapses mc neighbouring n as well as solutionn,i to mdi .
The uniform crossover (resp. ﬂip mutation) operators are deﬁned as follows:
Crossover(a, b)i =

ai if Random(0, 1) = 1
bi otherwise

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

Mutate(a, p)i =
Mutate(a, t)i =
where I ←

69

1 − ai if Random([0, 1]) < p
ai otherwise
1 − ai if i ∈ I
ai otherwise

{0, . . . , D − 1}
t

If τn > τmax , it indicates that no new solutions have been found for a certain
period, marking the start of a mutation phase. We set datan ← Mutate(datan ),
and reset the period τ to 0. This process ensures the exploration of the search
space. The selection of which neighbor to perform crossover with depends on the
one with the highest ﬁring frequency, meaning the neuron that has most recently
undergone successful recombination or mutation. In practice, if a neuron has a
higher ﬁring rate, it is more likely to be the only one sending spikes through nc .
The Algorithm 1 below details the NEVA algorithm.
Theorem 1. This algorithm reaches the best possible
solution with t = 1, and
√
D×(e×d)D
1
) time steps.
there is a 2 probability of reaching it in τ 12 = O(
|V |
Proof. Let datat be the vector of all solution found at time step t, and datat,n
the solution of neuron n at time step t. This algorithm can be simpliﬁed as a
Markov chain data where for each time step, each neuron chooses a random
neighbour to crossover with, or mutates with probability d1 , and each mutation
is a random bit ﬂip following the uniform distribution. A similar proof can be
done using other variation operators.
As such, in D steps, each neuron can mutate towards any possible solution,
and there is a non-zero chance of having found the optimum. The Markov chain
is then irreducible, and will reach this optimum state in ﬁnite time. Every D
1
)D chance that the optimum is found for one
steps, there is at least a D!( D×d
neuron: Given D steps, if k ≤ D is the number of bits to ﬂip to get to the
optimum, we need to ﬂip those, which can be done in k! ways, and then choose
the D − k other bits to ﬂip arbitrarily, which can be done in DD−k ways, for a
total of k! × DD−k ≥ k! × D!
k! = D! possibilities.
1
Then, there is a 1−(1−D!( D×d
)D )|V | chance that any neuron ﬁnds it. Thus,
1
)D )|V |×τ chance of ﬁnding the optimum.
in D ×τ steps, there is a 1−(1−D!( D×d
Then, for a probability p ≥ 12 to ﬁnd the optimum, we need at most τ 12 times
steps, where:
D × ln 12
τ 21 ≤
(2)
D!
|V | × ln(1 − (D×d)
D)
√
D
For D
1, and using Stirling’s formula D! ∼ 2πD( D
e ) , we obtain :
√
D × (D × d)D × ln 2
D × (e × d)D
= O(
)
τ 12 ≤
|V | × D!
|V |

(3)

70

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

This result is approximate, and convergence will be faster thanks to the
cellular evolution nature of the algorithm, for which better solutions are spread
through the population and forces the convergence of the SNN.
When executing this algorithm, it is crucial that the objective function f can
be computed within a reasonable time, as each neuron is expected to evaluate
it freely, as in the case of a Max-3-SAT instance. However, certain speciﬁc problems, like QUBO, the objective function can be computed through an additional
neuromorphic layer.
4.2

Neuromorphic Computation of the QUBO Objective Function

When solving a QUBO instance Q ∈ Mn,n , it is possible to keep neurons to
a very basic form and compute the matrix-vector product with another SNN
layer, thus not relying on neurons being able to do arbitrarily large computation
tasks. Be aware that this construction heavily relies on the fact that multiple
synaptic signals connected to the same output are added as integers. In such a
conﬁguration, each neuron n with synapses nc and nd1 . . . ndD can be split in
2D + 2 neurons M , x1 . . . xD , y1 . . . yD and , where M is a mediator neuron
that will coordinate actions during the spiking phase, x will be the layer storwill contain the
ing best and current solution, y is a computing layer and
computed xT Qx. M then receives information from nc , and xi recombines its
saved personal best value pbi with outside information ndi . We deﬁne weighted
directed internal synapses as follows Sx,y = {sxi ,Qxj := Qi,j | ∀i, j ∈ [[1, D]]}
which will computes Qx. Then additional connections are added from M to x,
and from
to M (Fig. 2).
from xi to yi , from y to

Fig. 2. A schematic QUBO-computing unit in an SNN for D = 5. Dashed connections
are inhibitory synapses.

When M receives a signal so that nc = 1, it sends a spike to each xi , that
themselves send an integer signal to all neighbouring yj , and an inhibitory signal
to their respective yi , and await instructions from M . In doing so, they cease

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

71

Algorithm 1. Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm (NEVA)
Input:
1: N Function returning list of neighbours
2: D Dimension of the problem
3: tmax Maximum number of iterations
4: Crossover Crossover operator
5: Mutate Mutation operator
6: f Function to minimize
7: k Waiting time between successful crossover operator
8: τmax Maximum inactivity before mutation
Ensure: data List of inner states
9: data ← Random Initial states of the neurons
10: for t from 0 to tmax do
11:
for n ∈ V do Loop for sending data
12:
if tn = 0 then
13:
for m ∈ N (n) do
14:
Fire a spike through m’s synapse mc
15:
Send datan as spikes through m’s synapses md1 . . . mdD
16:
end for
17:
τn ← τn + Random(0, 1)
18:
t n ← τn
19:
if τn > τmax then
20:
datan ← Mutate(datan )
21:
τn ← 0 Newly mutated data should be shared
22:
end if
23:
else
24:
tn ← tn − 1
25:
end if
26:
end for
27:
for n ∈ V do Loop for choosing data to retrieve
28:
if rn = 0 and nc = 1 then Await a clear signal
29:
temp ← [nd1 . . . ndD ]
30:
temp ← Crossover(datan , temp)
31:
if f (temp) > f (datan ) then f must be computable by a neuron
32:
datan ← temp
33:
rn ← Random(0, . . . , k)
34:
τn ← 0 Newly improved data should be shared
35:
end if
36:
else
37:
if rn > 0 then
38:
rn ← rn − 1
39:
end if
40:
end if
41:
end for
42: end for

retrieving information from the synapses. We have computed Qx = [y1 , . . . , yD ].
, unless they are inhibited.
Then, each yi sends the computed sums to

72

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

now holds the freshly computed xT Qx.
then sends xT Qx to M , which then
compares it to the last found value of pbT Qpb kept in memory. If xT Qx >
pbT Qpb, M sends a spike to x for it to update its personal best pb, and to let
them start retrieving information from the ndi ’s again. All other values such as
τn and tn can be computed inside n’s M neuron in most of recent SNNs. Once
a cycle has ended, pb will send it’s output like in the original algorithm, and
x will start retrieving data again. Note that the f layer might be redundant if
the SNN allows the usage of more complex synapses that can compute products
instead of sums.
This method computes the QUBO objective function in O(D) time computation if we assume that ﬁring s spikes to the same node has a O(s) computation
time because of the underlying summation of spikes. Additionally, it may not be
necessary to have more than a few of these computing units, as a neuron does
not constantly need to compute f . To simplify the simulation and achieve faster
results, we will call the CPU each time a QUBO value is required, while keeping
the total number of neurons low to accommodate this factor. It is important to
note that, due to the Turing-complete nature of NC, this model is not limited
to the QUBO problem and can be adapted to address other binary problems as
well [8].
4.3

A Neuromorphic Memetic Algorithm (NEMA)

Memetic algorithms (MAs) are a type of EAs that integrate local search or
improvement techniques into their evolutionary process. The term “memetic” is
derived from “meme” which refers to a behavior, or pattern that spreads within
a culture. In the context of algorithms, it represents the inclusion of cultural
knowledge or local learning mechanisms to reﬁne and enhance the evolutionary
process [9–11].
For certain speciﬁc problem, we may want to increase convergence time
through local search algorithms. For example if trying to solve QUBO for a matrix
Q ∈ MD,D , given that computing f (X) for a solution X is done O(D2 ), turning
X into X = {n ∈ V | m∈X Qn,m ≥ 1} takes the same amount of time and signiﬁcantly improves the convergence rate. Indeed, this method can also be used
by itself if mapping the matrix Q to a neural network, and computing those
transitions locally, while adding noise to broaden the searching space [12,13].
The simplest way to incorporate a memetic factor into our algorithm is to
modify the mutation operator, which will be invoked if a neuron has not improved
its solution for a certain period. For example, if M utate0 is the random bit ﬂip,
and Enhance our local search algorithm, we could choose to deﬁne M utate1 as
if Random([0, 1]) < p then Mutate0(x) else Enhance(x). In our memetic NEVA,
9
. The value of p should be set high enough to maintain the
we initialize p to 10
exploration factor, but not so high that it leads to frequent calls to the Enhance
function during execution. Thus, if we introduce an Enhance function capable of
signiﬁcantly improving poor solutions, such as the QUBO heuristic mentioned
earlier, and can be mapped to an SNN, we can eﬀectively accelerate the search
process without sacriﬁcing the exploration of the search space oﬀered by EAs.

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

5

73

Computational Experiments

The benchmarks used include QUBO instances [14] and SATLIB uniform 3-SAT
instances [15]. The neuromorphic algorithms were implemented using the LAVA
simulator. An alternative implementation, which does not rely on LAVA, uses
Numpy matrices for time step operations, making it less dependent on external
libraries. This implementation runs signiﬁcantly faster—about 70 times faster
than the LAVA-based algorithm. The arbitrary default parameters used in the
study are: Torus architecture, τmax = 5, k = 4, Uniform random crossover, and
Uniform random bit ﬂips mutation with γ = log(D)
probability of mutation.
D
When comparing to simulated annealing or other algorithms, it’s important to
note that the term “Time step” doesn’t have much relevance in an asynchronous
device. It is merely a convenient metric used to compare the algorithms. Furthermore, it is not accurate to claim that y neurons are equivalent to y algorithms
running in parallel. Even with a large number of neurons, the black-box function
is not called at every time step for each neuron. In our tests, approximately 40
calls were made per step on a 128-grid formation for QUBO instances, which
makes direct comparisons somewhat misleading.
5.1

Computational Experiments on QUBO Problems

In this section, we present our results using the NEVA algorithm, comparing it
to simulated annealing (SA). As shown in Fig. 3, the inherently parallel structure
of the NEVA algorithm enables much faster convergence, ultimately achieving
better results than SA.

Fig. 3. maxn∈V f (datat,n ) and avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red) and the SA equivalent
(Yellow) on gka5f (D = 200) with classical NEVA on 200 neurons. (Color ﬁgure online)

Table 1 illustrates the eﬀect of the number of neurons and steps used in the
NEVA algorithm. For all instances, the table highlights the superior performance
of the NEVA algorithm compared to SA. Due to the relatively small sample
population used to minimize computation time, precision may vary between
diﬀerent trials.

74

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

Let us examine the inﬂuence of various parameters, such as k and τmax . A
clear observation is the impact of k, where higher values lead to poor results
(see Table 2). Indeed, the highest k is, the lower the rate of crossover becomes
Table 1. Comparison between NEVA and SA on diﬀerent QUBO instances. After the
symbol “ ± ” is given the standard deviation (averaged on 20 trials). Max represents
the global optimal solution.
Instance Steps Neurons Max D

NEVA

SA

gka1a

1000 16

3414 50 3382 ± 54

gka1b

1000 16

133

20 113 ± 19

3364 ± 44
87 ± 19

gka1c

1000 16

5058 40 5058 ± 0

5058 ± 0

gka1c

200

32

5058 40 5013 ± 86

4956 ± 193

gka2a

1000 32

6063 60 6051 ± 26

6012 ± 74

gka2a

2000 32

6063 60 6047 ± 32

6021 ± 69

gka2e

2000 32

23395 200 23013 ± 212 22979 ± 238

gka2e

2000 128

23395 200 23323 ± 54

gka3e

2000 128

25243 200 25015 ± 253 24223 ± 525

gka3f

2000 128

n/a

23015 ± 212

500 135986 ± 519 125897 ± 3106

Table 2. Sensibility study on Table 3. Sensibility study on instance gka5e,
instance gka4e, (density = 0.4, (density = 0.5, D = 200, max = 35154) for
D = 200, max = 35594). Averaged 1 500 steps and 2 1000 steps, 100 neurons and
default parameters. Averaged on 20 trials.
on 20 trials.
Config. Steps Neur. k

τmax Result

Ring
Torus
Grid
Torus
Grid
Torus
Torus
Torus
Torus
Grid
Torus
Torus
Torus
Ring
Torus
Grid
Torus
Ring
Torus
Torus
Torus
Ring
Torus
Torus
Ring
Ring
Grid
Grid
Torus
Torus

5
5
5
5
5
5
10
5
20
10
5
5
5
5
10
10
5
5
5
20
5
2
2
5
5
5
10
10
5
5

2000
1000
1000
1000
2000
2000
1000
1000
1000
1000
1000
500
1000
1000
1000
1000
500
1000
1000
1000
1000
1000
1000
1000
500
500
1000
1000
1000
1000

128
128
128
128
128
128
128
64
128
128
64
128
64
128
64
64
64
64
64
64
32
64
64
16
128
64
32
16
64
64

4
4
4
0
4
4
0
0
4
4
4
4
8
4
4
4
4
4
16
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
64
128

35519 ± 65
35501 ± 80
35498 ± 85
35497 ± 97
35489 ± 89
35439 ± 86
35419 ± 106
35383 ± 111
35383 ± 181
35372 ± 137
35345 ± 196
35345 ± 145
35249 ± 166
35229 ± 194
35195 ± 335
35096 ± 324
35072 ± 283
35053 ± 271
34790 ± 350
34677 ± 378
34484 ± 428
33799 ± 411
33799 ± 429
33156 ± 976
32813 ± 345
32487 ± 755
32263 ± 919
30165 ± 1265
25629 ± 875
19123 ± 760

γ

τmax Result1

γ

τmax Result2

0.03 5

34417 ± 345 0.03 5

34785.2 ± 310.0

0.01 5

34408 ± 289 0.02 5

34749 ± 237

0.02 5

34336 ± 344 0.04 5

34747.7 ± 278.9

0.02 10

34355 ± 322 0.04 10

34713 ± 266

0.03 10

34300 ± 348 0.02 10

34707 ± 239

0.04 10

34277 ± 275 0.03 10

34696 ± 284

0.0

5

34274 ± 251 0.01 10

34646 ± 206

0.0

10

34262 ± 340 0.01 5

34657 ± 326

0.01 10

34105 ± 436 0.0

5

34283 ± 405

0.05 5

34164 ± 321 0.0

10

34223 ± 343

0.04 5

34156 ± 394

0.06 5

34010 ± 349

0.07 5

33938 ± 325

0.08 5

33786 ± 392

0.09 5

33608 ± 356

0.1

5

33315 ± 473

0.2

5

31579 ± 638

0.3

5

29397 ± 929

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

75

and the faster can neurons share data. However, lower k values heavily lengthen
computation time as lines 25–30 of Algorithm 1 will be computed much more
frequently. Out of a simulation, on asynchronous device, k may be redundant
with f ’s computation time, and lines 29, 31–33 of the algorithm could be ablated.
As expected, τmax should be properly chosen, higher values makes mutation
almost impossible, and lower values makes it prominent in front of crossover,
thus resulting in a random walk with almost no coordination between individuals.
Another factor we can change is the probability of ﬂipping a bit when a mutation
occurs. We deﬁne γ the proportion of bits that will be ﬂipped after a mutation,
and run a similar sensibility study.
Table 3 shows that the best results are around the value of γ 0.03 which is
200
the default value we used. To know how good this initial
very similar to log200
guess was, we can check what the approximate best γ are for diﬀerent graphs.
However, after running tests on diﬀerent graphs (mainly gka1-10d), it seems
1, the algorithm can compute a good approximation of
that as long as 0 < γ
the global optimal solution. The computational experiments leads us to believe
that the mutation operator is relevant only when the population is too low to
explore the whole solution space, explaining why γ seems to have so little impact.
Memetic NEVA Algorithm. As expected, Fig. 4 shows that the memetic
version of our algorithm converges much faster than the regular one. With
an increased probability of using local search, the convergence becomes nearly
instantaneous, although the search space is signiﬁcantly reduced. In this case,
when mutating, there is a 19 probability of applying local search. The numerical
results are of the same magnitude as those of regular NEVA, but the reduced
standard deviations indicate faster convergence. Moreover, Table 4 conﬁrms that
the memetic NEVA outperforms SA across all tested instances.

Fig. 4. maxn∈V f (datat,n ) and avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red) and the SA equivalent (Yellow) on gka5f (D = 200) with memetic NEVA on 200 neurons. (Color ﬁgure
online)

76

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

Table 4. Comparison between memetic NEVA and SA on diﬀerent QUBO instances.
After the symbol “ ± ” is given the standard deviation (averaged on 20 trials).
Instance Steps Neur Max D Memetic NEVA SA

5.2

gka1a

1000 16

3414 50 3391 ± 23

gka1b

1000 16

133

20 116 ± 17

3384.0 ± 30
87.2 ± 20

gka1c

1000 16

5058 40 5058 ± 0

5058 ± 0

gka1c

200

32

5058 40 5054 ± 16

4967 ± 212

gka2a

1000 32

6063 60 6055 ± 22

6003 ± 76

gka2a

2000 32

6063 60 6055 ± 22

5995 ± 61

gka2e

2000 32

23395 200 23257 ± 98

23030 ± 213

gka2e

2000 128 23395 200 23353 ± 27

22987 ± 255

gka3e

2000 128 25243 200 25190 ± 126

24235 ± 318

gka3f

2000 128 n/a

500 137195 ± 386

125242 ± 2241

Computational Experiments on 3-SAT Problems

Our generic NEVA neuromorphic algorithm can be applied to solve any binary
optimization problem. An issue with NP-hard problem is that sometimes most
random instances are not “hard” to solve. Actually, NP-hardness only accounts
for the hardest problems in the category [16]. It is now only natural to try our
algorithm on other binary optimization problems, such as 3-SAT. The ob jective

Fig. 5.
maxn∈V f (datat,n )
and
avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red)
and
the
simulated
annealing
equivalent (Yellow) on uf200-06
(D = 200, |φ| = 860, φ SAT). NEVA on
64 neurons. (Color ﬁgure online)

Fig. 6.
maxn∈V f (datat,n )
and
avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red)
and
the
simulated
annealing
equivalent (Yellow) on uf200-06
(D = 200, |φ| = 860, φ SAT). NEVA on
64 neurons and γ = 1/4. (Color ﬁgure
online)

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

77

function of a 3-SAT optimization problem φ = c1 ∧ · · · ∧ cn is as follows:
f (X) =

δa,b,c∈X

(4)

c=a∧b∧c∈φ

where δ stands for Kronecker’s symbol. Figures 5 and 6 (with γ = 1/4) show
that, unlike the previous results with QUBO instances, γ has a much stronger
eﬀect at higher values. In this case, the abundance of local optima makes a high
mutation rate more critical, but this comes at the cost of computation rates
similar to those of SA.
5.3

A Constrained Optimization Problem Knapsack Study

The goal of this section is the application od the NEVA algorithm to a constrained optimization problem. The constrained objective function of the knapsack problem P = N, {(p1 , w1 ), . . . , (pn , wn )} is as follows:
⎧
⎪
px if
wx ≤ N
⎨
x∈X
x∈X
(5)
f (X) =
⎪
⎩ 0 otherwise
Figure 7 shows that the algorithm quickly converges to a good solution but
fails to improve further as time progresses. This is due to the lack of “continuity”
in our function, where the maximum value is located just next to the minimum.

Fig. 7.
maxn∈V f (datat,n )
and
avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red)
and the SA equivalent (Yellow) on
large_scale/knapPI_1_1000_1000_1
(D = 1000, max = 54503). Knapsack
instances taken from [17, 18]. NEVA
1
. Max f (X)
on 256 neurons, γ = 1000
found = 52394. (Color ﬁgure online)

Fig. 8.
maxn∈V f (datat,n )
and
avgn∈V f (datat,n ) (Blue and red)
and the SA equivalent (Yellow) on
large_scale/knapPI_1_1000_1000_1
(D = 1000, max = 54503). Knapsack
instances taken from [17, 18]. NEVA on
1
1
, α = 50
. Max
256 neurons, γ = 1000
f (X) found = 53703. (Color ﬁgure
online)

78

E.-G. Talbi and N. Bouvier

Once an individual falls outside the constraints, it struggles to return. To address
this issue, we introduce an objective function f ∗ that penalizes individuals violating the constraints less severely.:
⎧
px if
wx ≤ N
⎪
⎪
⎨
x
∈X
x∈X
f ∗ (X) =
(6)
⎪
⎪
px − α × (
wx − N )2 otherwise
⎩
x∈X

x∈X

With α being a scaling factor so that weights and prices have the same order
of magnitude. Doing so yields much better results and shows that constrained
problems can be overcome with proper penalty deﬁnitions (Fig. 8).

6

Conclusions and Perspectives

In this paper, we introduced an algorithm that integrates EAs with NC to create eﬃcient and energy-aware metaheuristics. The proposed NEVA algorithm is
implemented on an SNN, involving the design of the network architecture, the
deﬁnition of neuron and synapse behaviors, and the establishment of information
encoding for the problem at hand. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst evolutionary
algorithm developed using the neuromorphic computational paradigm. Additionally, we have developed a memetic neuromorphic algorithm that combines EAs
with local search.
All the proposed implementations have been extensively tested using the
LAVA simulator. There is little doubt that on neuromorphic hardware, such as
Intel’s Loihi2, both computation time and energy consumption would be signiﬁcantly reduced. Other hardware platforms could also run these simulations,
but they would require customizable internal neuron models to achieve optimal performance. Computational experiments on QUBO, 3-SAT, and knapsack
optimization problems demonstrate the eﬃciency of the NEVA algorithm. The
neuromorphic memetic algorithm shows signiﬁcant improvements in both solution quality and search time.
The NEVA algorithm could be adapted to continuous spaces, such as using
spike bursts with frequencies proportional to speciﬁc values in synaptic communication. Permutation optimization problems present a distinct challenge, where
information encoding could be modiﬁed to use time-based spikes. However, the
simpler the objective function is to compute, the more practical it becomes to
map onto a neuromorphic device. For optimization problems with costly objective functions, alternative approaches like surrogate model-based optimization
should be explored.

NEVA: A Neuromorphic Evolutionary Algorithm

79

References
1. Aimone, J., et al.: A review of non-cognitive applications for neuromorphic computing. Neuromorphic Comput. Eng. 2, 09 (2022)
2. Mead, C.: Neuromorphic electronic systems. Proc. IEEE 78(10), 1629–1636 (1990)
3. Talbi, E.-G.: Metaheuristics: From Design to Implementation. John Wiley & Sons,
Hoboken (2009)
4. Mühlenbein, H.: Parallel genetic algorithms in combinatorial optimization. In:
Computer Science and Operations Research, pp. 441–453. Elsevier (1992)
5. Talbi, E.-G., Bessiere, P.: A parallel genetic algorithm for the graph partitioning
problem. In: Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Supercomputing,
pp. 312–320 (1991)
6. Cantu-Paz, E.: Eﬃcient and accurate parallel genetic algorithms, vol. 1. Springer,
Heidelberg (2000)
7. Alba, E., Dorronsoro, B.: Introduction to cellular genetic algorithms. In: Cellular
Genetic Algorithms, pp. 3–20. Springer, Heidelberg (2008)
8. Date, P., Schuman, C., Kay, B., Potok, T.: Neuromorphic computing is turingcomplete (2021)
9. Moscato, P., Cotta, C., Mendes, A., et al.: Memetic algorithms. New Optim. Techn.
Eng. 141, 53–85 (2004)
10. Neri, F., Cotta, C.: Memetic algorithms and memetic computing optimization: a
literature review. Swarm Evol. Comput. 2, 1–14 (2012)
11. Talbi, E.-G., et al.: Hybrid Metaheuristics, vol. 166. Springer, Heidelberg (2013)
12. Alom, M.Z., Van Essen, B., Moody, A., Wideman, D., Taha, T.: Quadratic unconstrained binary optimization (qubo) on neuromorphic computing system (2017)
13. Fang, Y., Lele, A.: Solving quadratic unconstrained binary optimization with collaborative spiking neural networks, pp. 84–88 (2022)
14. Glover, F., Kochenberger, G., Alidaee, B.: Adaptive memory tabu search for binary
quadratic programs. Manag. Sci. 44, 336–345 (1998)
15. Hoos, H., Stützle, T.: SATLIB: an online resource for research on SAT, pp. 283–292
(2000)
16. Taylor, W., Cheeseman, P., Kanefsky, B.: Where really hard problems are. In:
Proceedings of the International Joint Conference of Artiﬁcial Intelligence, vol. 1,
p. 09 (1995)
17. Ortega, J.A.: http://artemisa.unicauca.edu.co/~johnyortega/instances_01_KP/
18. Pisinger, D.: Where are the hard knapsack problems? Comput. Oper. Res. 32,
2271–2284 (2005)

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI:
Leveraging Large Language Models
and Retrieval-Augmented Generation
for Smarter Student Support
Raghav Khare , Anuraj Sule , Aldrich Mendes ,
and Abdul-Rahman Mawlood-Yunis(B)
Computer Science and Physics Department, Waterloo, ON N2L3C5, Canada
{khar9020,sule0010,mend3010}@mylaurier.ca, amawloodyunis@wlu.ca

Abstract. Academic advising is essential for student success, encompassing a wide range of inquiries, from general program information to
more personalized concerns. To streamline the process and limit human
interaction in this work, we introduce an innovative AI-driven chatbot
that harnesses the power of large language models (LLM), speciﬁcally
LLaMA, along with retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) and ﬁnetuning (FT) techniques. This approach aims to automate and improve
the student advising process, oﬀering more eﬃcient and accurate support
for students. Unlike conventional chatbots constrained by rigid, intentbased frameworks, our system dynamically retrieves and synthesizes
information from continuously updated knowledge bases. This approach
enables the chatbot to provide accurate, context-aware, and reliable
responses to student inquiries. Compared to existing systems, the proposed solution eﬀectively mitigates common issues such as hallucinations
and outdated information, providing factual, grounded, and scalable performance. This paper presents an overview of the development lifecycle,
encompassing dataset creation, system architecture, and experimental
validation. Our experiments show that Retrieval-Augmented Generation
(RAG) outperforms Fine-Tuning in accuracy, scalability, and relevance
for academic advising chatbots. RAG improves the handling of individual queries, automates routine tasks, and reduces the advisor’s workload,
allowing them to focus on complex cases. This solution improves student
support by balancing eﬃcient automation with personalized guidance.
Keywords: Academic advising · large language model ·
retrieval-augmented generation · knowledge base · chatbot

1

Introduction

Academic advising plays a critical role in guiding students through course selection, academic progression, co-op eligibility, overcoming challenges, and various other tasks. Although complete automation of academic advisory remains
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 80–97, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_6

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

81

a research area that still requires development [1] [2], considerable eﬀorts are
underway to automate many of these functions. Several chatbots that utilize
natural language processing (NLP) have been proposed to assist in academic
advice. However, these existing systems face several challenges, such as hallucinations, limited factual accuracy, and scalability issues. Moreover, many traditional
models are restricted by rigid, predeﬁned intents, dependence on proprietary and
costly models, and an inability to provide real-time updates.
To address these challenges, we propose a new solution that utilizes large language models (LLM), speciﬁcally the open source LLaMA [3] model, to enhance
the academic advising process. Our system integrates Retrieval-Augmented
Generation (RAG) [4], a methodology that retrieves contextually relevant
information from a curated knowledge base to generate accurate and personalized responses. Unlike traditional advising chatbots, which may generate hallucinated or irrelevant responses, RAG ensures that the information provided is
accurate and relevant while maintaining the human element for more complex
cases that require personalized interaction.
The proposed solution employs two primary techniques: Fine-Tuning and
RAG. Fine-tuning adapts the LLM parameters to a speciﬁc task using a custom
dataset, while RAG utilizes an external knowledge base to provide dynamic
fact-based answers. Our experiments demonstrate that RAG outperforms FineTuning in terms of accuracy, scalability, and relevance of responses, positioning
it as a better solution for academic advising.
The rest of this paper is organized as follows. In Sect. 2, we discuss previous chatbot implementations and their limitations. Section 3 provides details
about the dataset used. Section 4 details the methodologies employed. Section 6
presents the experimental results, and ﬁnally, Sect. 7 concludes the paper and
identiﬁes some future work.

2

Related Work

Academic advising has made notable progress with the adoption of AI-driven
tools and chatbot systems. However, many existing solutions still face signiﬁcant
challenges, such as limited ﬂexibility, the inability to provide real-time factual
updates, and scalability issues. For example, Abdelhamid & Alotaibi (2021) use
a multi-agent framework that provides modularity but lacks real-time updates,
while Akiba et al. (2023) explore ChatGPT, which shows promise in generative
AI but faces reliability issues, including hallucinations. Similarly, Ghazala et
al. (2022) introduce a bilingual chatbot with predeﬁned intents, which limits
scalability and ﬂexibility.
In contrast, our project utilizes a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
model, which integrates dynamic, real-time information retrieval from a curated
knowledge base. This approach ensures both accuracy and scalability, addressing the limitations found in existing systems. Furthermore, while some studies,
such as those by Achraf & Hamza (2024), rely on proprietary large language
models, our project diﬀerentiates itself by using open-source alternatives, oﬀering a cost-eﬀective and scalable solution. This comparison demonstrates how our

82

R. Khare et al.

RAG-based method overcomes many challenges faced by previous works, with a
focus on factual accuracy and practical, real-world implementation in academic
advising.
The incorporation of AI in our chatbot not only improves the eﬃciency of
academic advising but also paves the way for smarter student support systems.
This project will signiﬁcantly impact how educational institutions approach student guidance, ensuring that students receive accurate, timely, and personalized
advice throughout their academic journeys.
In Table 1, we provide a comparison of these studies in the ﬁeld of academic
advising, examining their approaches, strengths, limitations, and how they relate
to the methodology used in the current project.
Table 1. Comparison of Related Works with Current Project
Study

Approach

Strengths

Limitations

Comparison with
Current Pro ject

Abdelhamid &
Alotaibi (2021)
[5]

Multi-agent
framework for
academic
advising

Modular
approach to
agent
interactions

Lacks real-time
factual updates
and ﬂexibility

Inspires modular
design, but our use of
RAG introduces
real-time data
integration and
enhanced accuracy

Akiba et al.
(2023) [6]

ChatGPT for
academic
advising

Explores
Suﬀers from
Provides a foundation
generative AI for hallucinations
for leveraging
advising
and lack of
generative AI, but our
factual reliability RAG-based approach
eliminates
hallucinations by
grounding responses
in veriﬁed knowledge

Ghazala et al.
(2022) [7]

Bilingual chatbot Domain-speciﬁc Limited
using predeﬁned with ﬁxed corpus scalability and
intents
eﬀort-intensive
updates for new
information

Highlights the need
for scalability; our
dynamic knowledge
base with semantic
search addresses these
challenges

Achraf & Hamza RAG with
Uses RAG for
(2024) [8]
proprietary LLM retrieval-based
for academic
responses
advising

Relies on
proprietary
models, making
it costly and
inaccessible

Iatrellis et al.
(2024) [9]

Requires
Provides insights into
extensive
sustainability, while
modiﬁcations for our RAG-based
practical use;
framework ensures
prone to
factual reliability for
hallucinations
immediate real-world
applications

AI-driven recom- Focuses on
mendations
AI-enhanced
using generative sustainability
models
practices in
advising

Motivates our choice
of open-source LLMs
for cost-eﬃcient and
scalable solutions

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

3

83

Dataset

The datasets for this project were carefully created to support both Fine-Tuning
and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) methodologies. For the ﬁne-tuning
approach, a synthetic question-and-answer (Q&A) dataset was generated using
content from Wilfrid Laurier University’s academic calendar, departmental websites, and co-op resources. This data was transformed into a Q&A format using
ChatGPT (versions 3.5 and 4.0) with structured prompts. Initially, the model
produced 25 questions along with their corresponding answers based on the academic content provided.
To address issues such as irrelevant general knowledge introduced by the
model, prompts were reﬁned to ensure the generated Q&A pairs were contextually speciﬁc to the university’s academic advising. This reﬁnement also included
variations of the same question to increase the dataset’s diversity. As a result,
two distinct versions of the dataset were created:
– Advising Variation: This version includes diverse variations of the same
questions to capture a broader range of potential queries.
– Advising Unique Values: This version consists of unique, non-repetitive
Q&A pairs to avoid redundancy and ensure a more varied dataset.
In total, approximately 1,100 Q&A pairs were carefully curated, stored in
CSV format, and uploaded to the Hugging Face hub for easy access and version
control. A sample of the dataset is shown in Table 2.
Table 2. Sample Dataset Used for Academic Advising
question text

answer text

category

When can I apply for the
You can apply for Co-op only at the end of Co-op
Co-op program as a CS major? your ﬁrst year, provided you have
completed 10 ﬁrst-year courses by August
31
What is the application
deadline for the Co-op
program for CS students?

You must apply for Co-op at the end of
your ﬁrst year, having completed 10
ﬁrst-year courses by August 31

Co-op

When is the earliest I can
apply for the Co-op program
as a Computer Science
student?

The earliest you can apply for Co-op is
after completing 10 ﬁrst-year courses by
August 31 at the end of your ﬁrst year

Co-op

Who should Year-1 students Year-1 students should contact FOS
Academic Advice
contact for academic advice on (Faculty of Science) Advising via email at
the CS part of the program? ScienceAdvising@wlu.ca or in-person at
Science Building, N1054
Who should Year-2 and above Year-2 and above students should contact Academic Advice
students contact for academic the Computer Science Department Advisor
advice on the CS part of the via the Advising request form https://
program?
students.wlu.ca/pcs-advising
What happens to a course
grade if it is converted to
‘CR’ ?

If converted to ‘CR’, the course grade is
excluded from the student’s GPA
calculation

Academic Policies

84

R. Khare et al.

In RAG, semi-structured data like a PDF is also supported [10] on top of
structured data. Hence, we created multiple PDFs containing relevant content
like course description, instructor information, etc. A snippet of course a course
description ﬁle for a course called CP164, is shown in Fig. 1.

Fig. 1. A snippet screenshot of the cp164.pdf

4

Methodology

The development of the academic advising chatbot leveraged two primary
methodologies: Fine-Tuning and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG). Both
approaches were designed to maximize the chatbot’s ability to provide accurate, contextually relevant, and eﬃcient responses tailored to academic advising
scenarios.
Fine-Tuning. The Fine-Tuning approach involved adapting a pre-trained Large
Language Model (LLM) to a domain-speciﬁc dataset, focusing on academic
advising at Wilfrid Laurier University. This required the creation of a custom
dataset derived from the 2019 academic calendar, departmental websites, and
co-op resources. The dataset, consisting of approximately 1,100 question-answer
pairs, was carefully curated and formatted to ensure relevance and accuracy.
Two distinct versions of the dataset were created: Advising Variation, which

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

85

includes varied question forms, and Advising Unique Values, consisting of
unique, non-repetitive Q&A pairs.
To enhance computational eﬃciency, the ﬁne-tuning process incorporated
Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) [11] using huggingface’s library called peft [12].
This technique selectively trains key parameters within the model, signiﬁcantly
reducing computational overhead while maintaining performance. The Llama
3.0 model with 8 billion parameters was chosen for ﬁne-tuning and optimized
using Quantized LoRA (QLoRA) [11]. By quantizing the model’s weights to 4bit precision, memory usage was reduced, enabling faster training and inference.
The ﬁne-tuning process followed an iterative cycle with early stopping strategies
to prevent overﬁtting. After the ﬁne-tuning process of Llama 3 was completed,
it was merged with the pre-trained Llama 3. This ensured that the original
pre-trained Llama 3’s can be utilized for our speciﬁc domain.
Model performance was assessed using human evaluation, Bilingual Evaluation Understudy BLEU scores of the responses generated, response relevancy
scores of the responses generated, which is calculated by obtaining the cosine
similarity of the generated response with the ground truth, and QAEvalChain
by LangChain.
Although Fine-Tuning was eﬀective for adapting the model to the academic
domain, it encountered challenges when handling dynamic datasets. The static
nature of the ﬁne-tuned dataset meant that updates to academic policies or new
information required extensive re-training, limiting the model’s scalability and
adaptability to evolving content.
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG). The RAG approach was implemented
to address the limitations of Fine-Tuning, oﬀering a more dynamic and scalable
solution. RAG combines retrieval-based and generative capabilities, enabling the
chatbot to ground its responses in a curated knowledge base. This ensures high
factual accuracy and reduces the risk of hallucinations. The RAG pipeline began
with the construction of a knowledge base sourced from academic resources,
including PDFs containing course descriptions, grading policies, lab details, and
co-op program information. These documents were preprocessed into manageable text chunks, which were then embedded into a vector database using the
FAISS library [13]. This vectorization allowed for eﬃcient semantic search, ensuring that the chatbot retrieved the most relevant information for a given query.
When a user submitted a query, its vector representation was generated and
compared against the stored vectors in the knowledge base. The system used
cross-encoders to re-rank the retrieved results, prioritizing the most relevant
chunks. These top-ranked chunks were combined with the user query and passed
to the LLM (Llama 3.1) for response generation. The use of system prompts
ensured that the LLM provided concise, accurate, and contextually appropriate
answers. The architecture also incorporated iterative reﬁnement, with retrieved
contexts ﬁltered to optimize the coherence and relevance of the ﬁnal response.
Figure 2 shows the workﬂow of the RAG implementation.

86

R. Khare et al.

Fig. 2. Workﬂow of the RAG implementation

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

87

Fine-Tuning vs. RAG. While Fine-Tuning tailored the LLM for domain-speciﬁc
tasks, its static nature posed challenges in adapting to new or updated datasets.
In contrast, RAG oﬀered a ﬂexible and dynamic solution, seamlessly integrating
new information into the knowledge base without requiring re-training. Additionally, RAG ensured high factual reliability by grounding responses in curated,
up-to-date sources. The combination of retrieval and generative techniques made
RAG more suitable for academic advising scenarios, where accuracy and adaptability are critical. By integrating these methodologies, the project developed a
chatbot that balances the strengths of generative LLMs with the precision and
reliability of retrieval-based systems, ensuring an eﬃcient and accurate academic
advising solution.

5

System Implementation and Tools

Both Fine-Tuning and RAG relied on advanced libraries and tools to streamline
development and ensure robust functionality. Key components included:
– Transformers Library: To access pre-trained LLMs and manage natural
language processing tasks.
– FAISS (Facebook AI Similarity Search): For eﬃcient vector storage and
retrieval, enabling semantic search across the knowledge base.
– LangChain: A framework used to construct the RAG pipeline, including
document preprocessing, embedding generation, and evaluation.
– QLoRA and LoRA: These techniques allowed eﬃcient ﬁne-tuning by reducing the number of trainable parameters and leveraging quantization for faster
computation.
– Sentence Transformers: For generating high-quality embeddings used in
semantic search and re-ranking processes using cross-encoder re-ranking. [14]
Solution Workflow: Document Processing and Retrieval Optimization. The document processing phase in the RAG system is critical for transforming unstructured text into a format that can be eﬀectively utilized by the LLM. Initially,
documents are converted into raw text to facilitate vector embedding generation.
This conversion ensures that unstructured information is made meaningful and
interpretable by the LLM. For this purpose, the PyPDF2 library was utilized to
extract text from PDF ﬁles.
After text extraction, a text fragmentation process was implemented. The
extracted raw text was divided into manageable chunks using LangChain’s
RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter library. Chunking allows the text to be processed in batches, which simpliﬁes embedding generation and improves eﬃciency. Two key parameters were optimized during this process, chunk size and
chunk overlap. A large chunk size might overwhelm the LLM with too much
information, while a small chunk size may fail to provide suﬃcient context for
retrieval. Similarly, chunk overlap balances coherence and repetition too much
overlap results in redundancy, while too little risks losing the context. These

88

R. Khare et al.

parameters were experimentally adjusted (chunk overlap=3, chunk size=300,
chunk overlap=5, chunk size=500) to achieve optimal performance.
Once chunked, each text segment was transformed into a vector embedding.
These embeddings capture the semantic meaning of the text and enable similarity comparisons. We utilized the llama-index-embeddings-huggingface package and a sentence transformer model, all-MiniLM-L6-v2. The same model was
also employed for embedding user queries to ensure consistent semantic representation. The embeddings were temporarily stored using Meta’s FAISS library,
which supports eﬃcient similarity searches and accelerates document retrieval
by leveraging GPU memory.
To further reﬁne the relevance of retrieved embeddings, a re-ranking
process was applied. After retrieving the top-k most relevant results from
the embedding database, these results were re-ranked using a cross-encoder
model, ms-marco-MiniLM-L-6-v2, provided by the sentence-transformers
library. The cross-encoder method signiﬁcantly outperformed alternatives like
bi-encoders in ranking relevance, ensuring that the highest-quality information
was prioritized for response generation.
Finally, the response generation phase used the LLM (Llama 3.1, unquantized) to synthesize the ﬁnal answer. A system prompt was provided to guide
the LLM on its task, ensuring the user query and retrieved context were accurately processed. The context, derived from the highest-ranked results, allowed
the LLM to generate a coherent and relevant response to the user’s query. These
steps are depicted in Fig. 2. The workﬂow was rigorously tested to ensure performance and accuracy, forming the backbone of the RAG chatbot’s functionality.
Further experimentation and results analysis are detailed in subsequent sections.
The following outlines the key steps involved in the document processing
phase of the RAG system, which transforms unstructured text into structured
data that can be eﬀectively utilized by the LLM:
1. Document Conversion:
– Objective: Convert unstructured documents into raw text for further
processing.
– Action: Use the PyPDF2 library to extract text from PDF ﬁles, transforming the unstructured data into a format suitable for processing by
the LLM.
2. Text Chunking:
– Objective: Break the extracted text into manageable segments for eﬃcient processing.
– Action: Implement LangChain’s RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter to
divide the raw text into chunks.
– Parameters Adjusted:
. chunk size: Optimized to ensure enough context is provided without
overwhelming the LLM.
. chunk overlap: Adjusted to balance coherence and avoid redundancy
in the chunks.
3. Vector Embedding Generation:

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

89

– Objective: Transform text chunks into embeddings that capture semantic meaning.
– Action: Use the llama-index-embeddings-huggingface package along
with the sentence transformer model all-MiniLM-L6-v2 to create embeddings for both the text chunks and user queries.
– Storage: Temporarily store embeddings in Meta’s FAISS library to support fast similarity searches and retrieval.
4. Re-Ranking of Retrieved Results:
– Objective: Reﬁne the relevance of the embeddings retrieved from the
database.
– Action: After retrieving the top-k most relevant embeddings, re-rank
them using the ms-marco-MiniLM-L-6-v2 cross-encoder model, which
improves ranking accuracy compared to bi-encoders.
5. Response Generation:
– Objective: Generate a meaningful response to the user’s query using the
LLM.
– Action: Use the LLaMA model (version 3.1, unquantized) to synthesize
the ﬁnal answer, utilizing the highest-ranked results as context.
– Guidance: A system prompt is used to ensure proper understanding of
the task by the LLM.
6. Testing and Evaluation:
– Objective: Ensure the entire workﬂow operates with optimal performance and accuracy.
– Action: Extracted cosine similarity for response relevancy, BLEU scores
for semantic similarity, and utilized QAEvalChain by LangChain for ﬁnding correctness of a response, which is judged by a diﬀerent LLM.

6

Results and Experiments

To thoroughly assess the performance of the Retrieval-Augmented Generation
(RAG) chatbot compared to the Fine-Tuned chatbot, various evaluation metrics
and methodologies were employed. These evaluations focused on the correctness,
relevance, and eﬃciency of responses generated by both systems.
For testing both chatbots performance, we created a question, answer and
context set. The ’answer’ in the set, was a similar-written response that we
expected our chatbot to generated, and the context was provided for the evaluation metrics to compare the generated answer’s relevancy. Afterwards, these
questions were passed to both the chatbot solutions. There were 2 diﬀerent sets
which were created for testing. The ﬁrst test contained 2 pairs of question, answer
and context, and the second set contained 5 pairs question, answer and context.
The ﬁndings consistently highlighted the superiority of the RAG-based system in most evaluation criteria.

90

R. Khare et al.

– Human Evaluation: The initial evaluation involved manual testing, where
human evaluators assessed the correctness of responses generated by both
chatbots. This qualitative evaluation method required human judges to classify each response as either correct or incorrect, based on their domain knowledge and familiarity with the dataset. For instance, in the RAG chatbot
provided an accurate response, correctly referencing the context from which
the information was retrieved. In contrast, the Fine-Tuned chatbot generated
incorrect responses, such as including courses irrelevant to the query due to
its inability to dynamically retrieve updated or context-speciﬁc information,
snapshots of the responses generated are shown in Figs. 4 and 5. This test was
pivotal in establishing that the RAG chatbot could consistently produce factually accurate and context-aware responses, addressing a critical limitation
of Fine-Tuning.

Fig. 3. QAEvalChain’s Result for the ﬁnetuned chatbot.

Fig. 4. Evaluation results for ﬁne-tuned chatbot showing relevance and correctness
metrics for speciﬁc questions.

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

91

Fig. 5. Fine-tuned chatbot’s evaluation results, showing generated answers, expected
answers, and relevance metrics for speciﬁc queries.

Fig. 6. BLEU Score plot for the RAG chatbot.

– BLEU Scores: The BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) score was
employed to measure the semantic overlap between the chatbot-generated
response and a reference answer. BLEU evaluates responses on a scale of 0 to
1, with 0 indicating no overlap and 1 representing an exact match. The ﬁnetuned chatbot’s mean BLEU score for a test set of 2 questions was 0.0071,
and for the test set of 5 questions was 0.0029, as visible in Figs. 7 and 7. Both

92

R. Khare et al.

Fig. 7. BLEU scores for ﬁne-tuned chatbot in experiment 1 (2 questions).

Fig. 8. BLEU scores for ﬁne-tuned chatbot in experiment 2 (5 questions).

these scores indicate a very poor performance. Moreover, the RAG chatbot
also scored poorly on this metric, as seen in Fig. 6. The primary reason for
RAG chatbo’s low score was the inclusion of detailed context in the chatbot’s responses, which increased word count and reduced the likelihood of
an exact word-for-word match with the reference answers. While this negatively impacted BLEU scores, it underscored the chatbot’s ability to generate
context-rich, informative responses, a strength that BLEU cannot adequately
capture.

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

93

– LangChain’s Evaluation Library: To enhance evaluation, LangChain’s
QAEvalChain was used to validate the generated responses. This library
leverages a pre-trained LLM to compare a chatbot’s generated response with
a reference answer and determine correctness. The 2-question validation set
was utilized for this and converted in JSON format. QAEvalChain’s evaluate method compares the generated response to the correct answer of this
validation set. The RAG chatbot performed comparatively well, as demonstrated in Fig. 9 where all responses were graded as “CORRECT”, where in
Fig. 3 we can observe that the ﬁnetuned model was highly incorrect with both
responses graded “INCORRECT”. By leveraging this approach, the RAG system demonstrated its ability to integrate context from the knowledge base
eﬀectively, thereby producing accurate and relevant answers.

Fig. 9. QAEvalChain’s Result for RAG implementation.

– Response Relevancy: Response relevancy was measured using cosine similarity, a metric that evaluates the semantic similarity between two vector
representations. Cosine similarity values range from –1 (completely dissimilar) to 1 (identical). The ﬁne-tuned chatbot’s score on the 2-question set was
0.272 and for the 5-question set was 0.3578. These plots can be observed in
Figs. 10 and 11. In comparison, the RAG chatbot’s responses scored a similarity score of 0.43 for question one and 0.06 for question two. However,
responses to simpler questions, such as those requiring a single-word answer,
resulted in lower scores due to the inclusion of longer, more detailed context in
the generated responses. This discrepancy brought the mean cosine similarity
score for the RAG chatbot to 0.244, as can be observed in Fig. 12. With these
scores being stated, human evaluation and QAEvalChain’s results favored the
RAG responses more as compared to the ﬁne-tuned chatbot. The response
relevancy scores for the RAG chatbot highlights a need for optimization in
response length to maintain a balance between brevity and contextual depth
(Fig. 3, 8 and 9).

94

R. Khare et al.

Fig. 10. Response relevancy plot for ﬁne-tuned chatbot in experiment 1 (2 questions).

Fig. 11. Response relevancy plot for ﬁne-tuned chatbot in experiment 2 (5 questions).

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

95

Fig. 12. Response Relevancy plot for the RAG chatbot.

7

Conclusion and Future Work

This project aims to automate academic advising as much as possible by developing a system that streamlines common tasks. We identiﬁed that while students often need personalized guidance, many of their inquiries are repetitive
and straightforward, which unnecessarily burdens academic advisors. To address
this, we have created a solution that utilizes Large Language Models (LLMs) to
instantly provide accurate answers to frequently asked questions, automating
routine inquiries and enabling advisors to focus on more complex, individualized cases
The implementation of Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) was a cornerstone of this system, as it enabled eﬃcient retrieval of relevant, accurate, and
up-to-date information from a curated knowledge base. This knowledge base was
created using datasets we built by scraping Wilfrid Laurier University’s website
and extracting content from PDF ﬁles containing information on academic programs, course descriptions, policies, co-op guidelines, and other relevant details.
These data sources were processed into structured text to create a comprehensive
dataset that could be utilized for both ﬁne-tuning and retrieval purposes. These
datasets allowed us to ensure coverage of all relevant topics and the inclusion of
up-to-date information, providing a reliable foundation for the chatbot. Through
extensive experimentation, we demonstrated that RAG signiﬁcantly outperforms
the ﬁne-tuning approach in human evaluations, especially in the context of this
study on academic advising, where providing accurate and up-to-date information is crucial for student success. Unlike ﬁne-tuned systems that rely solely on
static training data, RAG dynamically retrieves knowledge, making it a more
robust solution for delivering contextually accurate responses.

96

R. Khare et al.

Future Work. Our preliminary ﬁndings have opened doors for numerous future
opportunities. First, response generation could be optimized by reducing the
inclusion of unnecessary context in answers, which currently hinders evaluation
metrics such as BLEU scores and response relevancy measurements. Additionally, the system generates complete responses before displaying them, which
is less eﬃcient than real-time response streaming. Implementing a streaming
mechanism would align the chatbot’s performance with state-of-the-art LLMs,
enhancing user experience.
Another area for improvement is the introduction of a web interface, which
would allow academic advisors to manage the knowledge base dynamically by
uploading or removing documents. This interface could also enable users without advisor credentials to access the chatbot for general queries, increasing its
accessibility and utility.
At present, the knowledge base is hosted using Kaggle’s dataset features.
Transitioning to cloud-based knowledge-base technologies would enhance scalability and reliability. We also aim to improve response generation speed by optimizing the steps of the RAG process, enabling quicker retrieval and response
times.
Expanding the chatbot’s scope beyond academic advising to other domains
within educational institutions is another priority, allowing it to serve a broader
audience while maintaining its core functionality.
Finally, we plan to incorporate multimodal capabilities into the system. Currently, the chatbot supports only textual data. However, enabling it to process
and understand graphs, ﬁgures, and diagrams would greatly enhance its versatility and application across diverse academic scenarios. These future developments aim to create a system that is not only eﬃcient and scalable but also
highly adaptable to the evolving needs of academic environments. By leveraging
datasets created from university resources and enhancing the RAG pipeline, this
system is positioned to transform the landscape of academic advising, ensuring
it remains both accessible and eﬀective for all stakeholders.
Acknowledgments. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Dr. Ank Zaman
for their invaluable help and guidance throughout the course of this work. Their expertise, support, and constructive feedback have greatly contributed to the success of this
project, and I am deeply appreciative of their time and eﬀorts.

References
1. Bermea, G.O.: Humanistic advising: applying humanistic theory to the practice of
academic advising. NACADA Rev. 3, 3–20 (2022)
2. Holland, C., Westwood, C., Hanif, N.: Underestimating the relationship between
academic advising and attainment: a case study in practice. Front. Educ. 5 (2020)
3. Touvron, H., et al.: Llama: open and eﬃcient foundation language models (2023)
4. Lewis, P., et al.: Retrieval-augmented generation for knowledge-intensive nlp tasks
(2021)

Enhancing Academic Advising with AI

97

5. Abdelhamid, A.A., Alotaibi, S.R.: Adaptive multi-agent smart academic advising
framework. IET Softw. 15, 293–307 (2021)
6. Akiba, D., Fraboni, M.C.: Ai-supported academic advising: exploring chatgpt’s
current state and future potential toward student empowerment. Educ Sci. 13
(2023)
7. Bilquise, G., Ibrahim, S., Shaalan, K.: Bilingual ai-driven chatbot for academic
advising. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 13 (2022)
8. Hsain, A., Housni, H.E.: Large language model-powered chatbots for internationalizing student support in higher education (2024)
9. Iatrellis, O., Samaras, N., Kokkinos, K., Panagiotakopoulos, T.: Leveraging generative AI for sustainable academic advising: Enhancing educational practices through
ai-driven recommendations. Sustainability 16 (2024)
10. Gao, Y., et al.: Retrieval-augmented generation for large language models: a survey
(2024)
11. Dettmers, T., Pagnoni, A., Holtzman, A., Zettlemoyer, L.: Qlora: eﬃcient ﬁnetuning of quantized llms (2023)
12. Mangrulkar, S., Gugger, S., Debut, L., Belkada, Y., Paul, S., Bossan, B.: Peft:
state-of-the-art parameter-eﬃcient ﬁne-tuning methods (2022). https://github.
com/huggingface/peft
13. Douze, M., et al.: The faiss library (2024)
14. Reimers, N., Gurevych, I.: Sentence-bert: sentence embeddings using siamese bertnetworks (2019)

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting
Evaluation
Long H. Ngo1(B) , Mohammed Amine Chamli1 , Jonathan Rivalan1 ,
and Thomas Jaillon2
1

Smile, Asnières, France
long.ngo@smile.fr
2
Paris, France

Abstract. Traditional evaluation metrics provides numerical values
but often lack comprehensibility, hindering eﬀective diﬀerentiation of
model performances. Our work addresses this challenge by introducing .overlay_dx, a novel evaluation metric measuring the performance
of time series prediction models. .Overlay_dx is a visual metric that
represents the percentage of predictions falling within a conﬁdence interval around actual values. Additionally, once evaluation results are plotted, .overlay_dx computes the area under the overlay curve, providing a quantitative measure of alignment between predicted and actual
values across diﬀerent thresholds and predictions. Through extensive
experiments, we demonstrate that our approach oﬀers a uniﬁed evaluation framework that combines both visual and numerical assessments,
enabling improved model comparison and providing valuable insights for
further research and optimization eﬀorts in time series prediction.
Keywords: Machine learning · Evaluation metric · Time series data ·
Forecasting · Optimization

1

Introduction

Time series prediction models have become increasingly central in various
domains, from ﬁnancial forecasting to industrial monitoring. However, evaluating these models presents a challenge. Traditional evaluation metrics provide
numerical scores that, while mathematically sound, often fail to capture the
nuanced performance characteristics that practitioners need to make informed
decisions. This limitation becomes particularly apparent when comparing multiple models or when communicating model performance to stakeholders with
varying levels of technical expertise.
For example, when comparing two forecasting models using RMSE, a difference between scores of 0.15 and 0.17 provides little intuitive understanding
of real-world performance implications. Traditional metrics also fail to capture
important aspects like timing of predictions and consistency across diﬀerent
scales, which are crucial for domain-oriented applications such as energy forecasting or ﬁnancial markets analysis.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 98–110, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_7

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

99

Current approaches to time series evaluation typically fall into three categories: point-wise metrics (e.g. Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE), Mean Absolute Error (MAE)), distribution-based metrics (e.g. Kullback–Leibler (KL) divergence), and shape-based metrics (e.g. Dynamic Time Warping (DTW)). While
each category oﬀers speciﬁc insights, they often fail to provide a uniﬁed framework that combines statistical rigor with intuitive interpretability. This fragmentation in evaluation approaches makes it diﬃcult for practitioners to make
holistic assessments of model performance.
In this work, we address this fundamental challenge through the introduction
of .overlay_dx, a novel evaluation metric that combines visual interpretability
with quantitative rigor. This new understandable evaluation metric helps to
compare the performance of multiple models, not only through its score but also
through visualization of prediction performance. The key contributions of our
work include: 1) Development of a new visual evaluation metric (.overlay_dx)
that represents prediction accuracy through an intuitive conﬁdence interval approach; 2) Introduction of a quantitative scoring mechanism based on the area
under the overlay curve; 3) Demonstration of the metric’s eﬀectiveness across
various time series prediction scenarios; 4) Provision of a framework that bridges
the gap between technical evaluation and interpretability.
The .overlay_dx metric oﬀers several advantages over traditional evaluation
approaches, including enhanced visual interpretability for eﬀective communication with non-technical stakeholders, robustness to outliers and extreme values,
ability to capture performance characteristics across varying prediction thresholds, and seamless integration with existing evaluation workﬂows.
.Overlay_dx is implemented as an open source project to ensure reproducibility and community adoption. The codebase, along with documentation and usage
examples, is publicly available on GitHub1 . This implementation supports seamless integration with popular machine learning frameworks and includes utilities
for visualizing overlay curves and computing Area Under Curve (AUC) scores [1].
The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Sect. 2 introduces the related
works; Sect. 3 presents the design principles; Sect. 4 shows the experiments;
Sect. 5 concludes the paper while listing the contributions and future works.

2

Related Works

The quality of time series predictions is assessed using evaluation metrics. Evaluation metrics measure the accuracy of predictions by comparing predicted values
with actual values. The most commonly used evaluation metrics for assessing
predictions include MAE [2,3] and its family, RMSE [3, 4] and its family, and
Akaike’s entropy-based Information Criterion (AIC) [5, 6]. Below, we review the
most commonly used metrics for forecasting models evaluation.
Mean Absolute Error (MAE) represents the average of the absolute diﬀerences between predicted and actual values. This measure shows us what level of
1

https://github.com/Smile-SA/overlay_dx.

100

L. H. Ngo et al.

error to expect in average forecasts. As MAE is an average, it does not identify
proportionally very high or low errors. With MAE, lower values indicate better
predictions.
n
i=1

M AE =

.

Yi − Ŷi
n

(1)

,

where .Yi denotes actual values, .Ŷi predicted values, and .n the number of predicted values.
Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) [7] represents the proportion of
the mean diﬀerence between actual and predicted values divided by the actual
value. This measure works best with data without zeros and extreme values due
to the denominator. The smaller the MAPE, the better the model.
n

M AP E =

.

100
Yi − Ŷi
.
n i=1
Yi

(2)

Weighted Mean Absolute Percentage Error (WMAPE) [8] is similar to
MAPE, but the errors are weighted according to the absolute value of the target
value. This can be useful in preventing large errors in target values from overly
inﬂuencing the evaluation measure.
n
i=1 Yi − Ŷi
n
i=1 |Yi |

W M AP E =

.

.

(3)

Mean Squared Error (MSE) [9] is deﬁned as the average of the squared errors.
This measure integrates variance and bias, and solves the extreme value and zero
problems of MAE and MAPE. The smaller the score, the better the prediction.
n

M SE =

.

2
1
Yi − Ŷi .
n i=1

(4)

Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) is deﬁned as the square root of the mean
square error (MSE). The RMSE value is in the same unit as the projected value,
and we aim to minimize it.
n

RM SE =

.

2
1
Yi − Ŷi .
n i=1

(5)

Normalized Root Mean Squared Error (NRMSE) [10] is a version of RMSE
normalized by the mean or diﬀerence of the extremums of the actual values.
NRMSE is used to compare models on several data sets with diﬀerent scales.
N RM SE =

.

RM SE
RM SE
or N RM SE =
,
mean(y)
ymax − ymin

(6)

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

101

where .Ymax /.Ymin denote maximum/minimum actual values and .Y actual values.
Additionally, Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) [11] is a traditional metric that
measures similarity between temporal sequences by allowing elastic transformation of time series. Unlike point-wise metrics, DTW can capture phase shifts
and temporal distortions. However, its computational complexity and lack of
intuitive interpretation limit its practical application.
These approaches, while valuable, often focus on speciﬁc aspects of model performance rather than providing a comprehensive evaluation framework. Recent
advances in time series evaluation have explored multi-objective metrics that
combine multiple aspects of prediction quality. For instance, TIGER [12] incorporates domain-speciﬁc constraints into the evaluation framework. However, these
approaches often increase complexity without proportionally improving interpretability, highlighting the need for our proposed .overlay_dx method.
While existing metrics have served the ﬁeld well, they share common limitations: (1) diﬃculty in interpreting scores in practical terms, (2) sensitivity to
outliers and noise, and (3) lack of visual interpretability. These limitations particularly aﬀect practitioners who need to make quick, informed decisions about
model selection and optimization. Our proposed .overlay_dx metric directly
addresses these gaps while maintaining mathematical rigor.

3

Methodology

The methodology employed in this study involves the implementation of highly
visual metrics and measures aimed at enhancing understanding through visualization while exploring new possibilities. Subsequently, a new visual metric is
developed and applied to assess the performance of predictive models in time
series analysis.
For instance, the peak overlap rate (local extrema) was implemented to assess
whether predictions were capable of anticipating incidents or extreme values in
a time series. Subsequently, the overlay (overlap rate) is deﬁned, representing
the percentage of predictions falling within a conﬁdence interval drawn around
the actual values of the series. As illustrated in Fig. 1a, the overlay indicates

Fig. 1. Overview of .overlay_dx visualisation.

102

L. H. Ngo et al.

the percentage of forecasted values (in red) falling within the intervals (gray,
orange, and green) around the target values (in blue). The overlay value varies
depending on the size of the interval drawn and can only be equal to or lower
than the previous measure when reducing the threshold interval.
By varying the size of the conﬁdence interval, multiple overlay measures were
conducted on a single prediction. These interval-based measures can be visualized in a single graph (see Fig. 1b, depicting a local CPU usage forecast). In this
graph, the interval size (in decreasing order) is plotted on the x-axis, while the
overlay measure for that interval is plotted on the y-axis, resulting in the curve
proﬁle as depicted in Fig. 1b. This curve inevitably decreases as the size of the
conﬁdence interval diminishes, allowing for the visual identiﬁcation of the optimal curve proﬁle, which remains the highest and longest. Thus, the overlay curve
enables the visualization of a model’s performance through a curve proﬁle. Consequently, within a single graph, it is possible to present multiple curve proﬁles
and visually compare the performance of several models or conﬁgurations. As
shown in Fig. 1b, it is feasible to quantify and visually measure the performance
of one approach compared to another.
Given that the visualization of the .overlay_dx allows for the comparison of
several curves, there must also be a numerical metric to diﬀerentiate between two
very similar curve proﬁles and make the .overlay_dx an evaluation metric. The
.overlay_dx score is obtained by evaluating the area under the overlay curve,
which represents the cumulative .overlay_dx measures for diﬀerent thresholds.
More speciﬁcally, .overlay_dx consists of several measures of the overlay metric,
which draws an interval around the target values and returns the percentage of
forecasted values that fall within this interval. .Overlay_dx calculates diﬀerent
measures of the overlay metric by reducing the size of its interval. Speciﬁcally,
.overlay_dx computes the percentage of values where the absolute diﬀerence
between the forecast and actual values is less than or equal to a threshold .x.
A high score indicates better alignment between predicted and actual values,
while a low score indicates a larger deviation from the ideal scenario where
perfect alignment is achieved at threshold = 100. For instance, a score of 77%
represents how well the forecasted values align with the actual values at diﬀerent
thresholds. It indicates that the achieved score is 77% of the maximum possible
score, where perfect alignment would occur at 100% thresholds.
The score quantiﬁes overall accuracy relative to the ideal scenario. The higher
the score, the better the alignment between forecasted and actual values, while
a lower score suggests larger deviations. The overlay curve intuitively evaluates
model performance, providing insights into accuracy across diﬀerent thresholds
and highlighting areas for optimization.
The major advantage of this new metric lies in its visual representation
through the overlay curve. Unlike traditional numerical measures, the overlay
curve allows for a rapid understanding of the model’s performance without
being signiﬁcantly inﬂuenced by outliers. It provides an overview of the model’s
accuracy across chosen thresholds. By examining the overlay curve, it is possible to assess the model’s performance for diﬀerent threshold levels. The point

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

103

Algorithm 1: Overlay()
1

Input : x, forecast, target
if x == 0 : x = 1

2

Calculate the absolute diﬀerence between the forecast and actual values:
abs_dif f = abs(target − f orecast)
3 Count the number of values where the absolute diﬀerence is less than or equal
to x: num_overlay = (abs_dif f <= x).sum()
Output: Percentage of values that overlay:
pct_overlay = 100 ∗ num_overlay/len(y)

Algorithm 2: Overlay_dx Area Under Curve (AUC) Algorithm
Input : target, forecast, max_percentage, min_percentage, step
1

Compute the value range of the target:
value_range = max(target) − min(target)

2

Generate a range of percentages:
percentages = np.arange(max_percentage, min_percentage, -step)

3

Initialize an empty list: overlay_percentages = [ ]

4

for pct ∈ percentages do
value_range
pct
Compute tolerence x: x = 100
·
2

5
6
7
8

Compute the overlay percentage using Algorithm 1:
overlay_pct = Overlay(x, forecast, target)
Append overlay_pct to overlay_percentag es
end
Output: overlay_dx = AU C(overlay_percentages)/(max_percentage · 100)

where deviations become more signiﬁcant can be identiﬁed, highlighting areas
requiring potential improvement or speciﬁc attention. The overlay curve oﬀers
a more nuanced evaluation of model accuracy, considering performance at different thresholds and identifying speciﬁc thresholds requiring attention. It also
provides a clear and understandable visual representation of model performance,
facilitating communication and interpretation of results.
In summary, the use of the .overlay_dx metric and overlay curve enables a
more comprehensive evaluation of time series prediction accuracy. It provides a
relative measure of alignment between predicted and actual values while oﬀering
a clear visualization of model performance. This approach oﬀers more precise
perspectives for improvement and optimization by highlighting speciﬁc thresholds where deviations become more signiﬁcant and facilitating the identiﬁcation
of areas requiring further research. Algorithm 2 summarizes the approach to
calculate the .overlay_dx metric with the help of Algorithm 1.

104

4

L. H. Ngo et al.

Experiments

To demonstrate the eﬀectiveness and utility of the .overlay_dx metric, we conducted extensive experiments using both synthetic and real-world time series
data. These experiments aimed to compare .overlay_dx with traditional metrics, assess its robustness to outliers, demonstrate its utility in model selection,
and validate its applicability across diﬀerent types of time series data.
4.1

Experimental Setup

To validate the performance of .overlay_dx, we utilized three real-world datasets,
namely Beijing Multi-Site Air-Quality (Pollution) [13], Electricity Transformer
Temperature (ETT) [14], and Electricity Load Diagrams 2011–2014 (ELD) [15]
datasets and a simulated dataset.
The simulated dataset comprises diverse time series, each derived from a base
curve modiﬁed by adding noise, introducing outliers, bias, delay, or other alterations (see Table 1). The base curve represents the target, while the modiﬁed
versions simulate predictions made by a model. The objective is to showcase
diverse scenarios and evaluate .overlay_dx’s eﬀectiveness across various situations.
Table 1. Generated groups of time series and their variations.
Group Name

Baseline Function

Added Variations

Constant

.f (x) = 100

Noise, bias, delay, outliers

Linear Trend

.f (x) = x

Misestimate, lag, bias, step changes

Seasonal

.50 + 30 · sin(x)

Amplitude, frequency, asymmetry errors;
missed peaks, phase shift

Random Walk

.

n
i=1 Xi - normal

random vars

Smoothed, delay, noise, trend-bias,
regime shifts

Multiple Seasonality.50 + 20 · sin(x) + 10 · Missed short cycle, amplitude ratio error,
sin(7x)
noise
Trend Change
Cyclic

.x if .x ∈ [0, 50] else
.50 − x

Missed reversal, late detection,
overreaction

.x + sawtooth(x)

Trend/cycle only, magnitude error

Exponential Growth.exp(x)

Linear approximation, misestimate,
delayed response, noise

The pollution dataset [13] includes hourly air pollutant measurements from
12 air quality monitoring stations in Beijing. It includes data on six major air
pollutants along with six related meteorological variables. The data, covering
2013 to 2017, were sourced from the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center and local weather stations operated by the China Meteorological
Administration. Missing values are represented as NA.

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

105

Fig. 2. Heat map of metrics correlation on the simulated dataset.

The ETT dataset [14] contains two years of data from two counties in China,
focusing on long-term electric power system deployment. It includes subsets at
the 1-hour (ETTh1, ETTh2) and 15-minute (ETTm1) levels, with each data
point featuring the target variable “oil temperature” and six power load features.
It is split into training, validation, and test sets at a 12/4/4-month ratio.
The ELD dataset [15] contains electricity consumption of 370 points/ clients
from 2011 to 2014.
We selected eight time series forecasting methods for comparison on the two
real-world datasets, including Linear Regression [16], Random Forest Regressor [17, 18], XGBoost Regressor [19], LightGBM Regressor [20], K-nearest Neighbors Regressor [21,22], Extra Trees Regressor [23], Bagging Regressor [24], and
ARIMA [25].
In our experiments, we used TimeSeriesSplit2 as the cross-validator. Unlike
traditional k-fold cross-validation, TimeSeriesSplit maintains the chronological
order of observations. In the k-th split, the ﬁrst k folds serve as the training set,
and the (k+1)-th fold is used for testing, mimicking real-world scenarios where
models are trained on historical data to predict future outcomes.
4.2

Experimental Results

To ensure robust evaluation, we conducted experiments across multiple dimensions. First, we calculated the correlation of .overlay_dx and other metrics using
the simulated dataset. The heat map in Fig. 2 reveals a high negative correlation
between the .overlay_dx and absolute error metrics (MAE, RMSE, MSE), with
values ranging from .−0.62 to .−0.5, implies that .overlay_dx prioritizes absolute improvements in error magnitudes. It has weak positive correlations with
percentage-based metrics (MAPE, NRMSE), suggesting that its interpretation
2

https://scikit-learn.org/1.6/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.
TimeSeriesSplit.html.

106

L. H. Ngo et al.

(a) LinearRegression

(b) RandomForest

(c) XGBRegressor

(d) LGBMRegressor

(e) KNeighborsRegressor

(f) ARIMA

Fig. 3. The predictions of 6 forecasting methods on the ETT dataset. The orange/
blue curves represent predictions/ ground truth values. (Color ﬁgure online)

may diﬀer for datasets where relative errors are more critical. The weak correlation with WMAPE suggests .overlay_dx is somewhat eﬀective in capturing
weighted errors but not as strongly as absolute error metrics. In conclusion,
the varying correlations demonstrate that .overlay_dx captures diﬀerent performance aspects compared to traditional metrics, providing a complementary
perspective on model accuracy.
We then compared .overlay_dx with traditional metrics, including MAE,
RMSE, MSE, MAE, MAPE, WMAPE, and NRSME, across all the models on
the two real-world datasets.
Detailed error analysis revealed distinct performance patterns across diﬀerent time scales. Figure 3 illustrates the visual prediction results of 6 forecasting
methods on the ETT dataset. Visualization of predictions vs. actual values shows
that all models sometimes struggle with sudden extreme events.
Table 2, which presents the .overlay_dx scores and traditional metrics, and
Fig. 4, which shows the .overlay_dx graphs for all models, demonstrate how
.overlay_dx metric oﬀers a nuanced evaluation framework that complements
traditional metrics by capturing performance across multiple conﬁdence intervals. In the pollution dataset, ExtraTreesRegressor demonstrates superior performance with the highest .overlay_dx score of 0.952, accompanied by the lowest
RMSE (36.018), MAE (25.9096), and MAPE (0.591). The WMAPE of .0.00 for
ARIMA highlights a computational anomaly, underscoring the limitations of
this metric. This suggests that the WMAPE calculation for ARIMA might have
encountered a computational edge case problem. Similarly, in the ETT and ELD
datasets, RandomForestRegressor and ARIMA lead with .overlay_dx scores of
0.674 and 0.847, respectively, showcasing the metric’s ability to provide comprehensive model assessment beyond single-point evaluations.

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

107

Table 2. Performance metrics of diﬀerent forecasting models for three datasets.
Dataset Model

rmse

mse

mae

mape

wmape nrmse overlay

Pollution LinearRegression
47.410 2247.729 32.028 0.870
RandomForestRegressor 40.325 1626.087 26.639 0.660
XGBRegressor
39.195 1536.277 26.020 0.630
LGBMRegressor
39.110 1529.555 25.910 0.620
KNeighborsRegressor 43.781 1916.793 27.729 0.629
ExtraTreesRegressor
36.018 1297.328 23.338 0.591
BaggingRegressor
38.0439 1447.336 24.457 0.607
ARIMA
84.4496 7131.738 62.472 2.814

0.377
0.314
0.307
0.305
0.327
0.275
0.288
0.00

ETT

LinearRegression
11.632 135.308
RandomForestRegressor 11.219 125.862
XGBRegressor
11.441 130.907
LGBMRegressor
11.333 128.447
KNeighborsRegressor 12.007 144.173
ExtraTreesRegressor
11.523 132.769
BaggingRegressor
11.508 132.424
ARIMA
20.853 434.866

9.467 1.835
8.723 2.347
9.045 2.22
8.998 2.281
9.336 2.697
9.205 2.649
9.113 2.568
16.784 1.531

0.414 0.509 0.646
0.381 0.490 0.674
0.395 0.500 0.663
0.393 0.495 0.664
0.408 0.525 0.654
0.402 0.504 0.656
0.398 0.503 0.660
0.734 0.912 0.435

ELD

LinearRegression
8.875
RandomForestRegressor 5.786
XGBRegressor
5.747
LGBMRegressor
5.813
KNeighborsRegressor 9.101
ExtraTreesRegressor
5.632
BaggingRegressor
5.916
ARIMA
6.079

6.423
3.222
3.514
3.256
7.688
3.242
3.358
3.059

78.766
33.482
33.024
33.791
82.820
31.718
34.995
36.957

0.559 0.935
0.475 0.946
0.462 0.947
0.461 0.947
0.516 0.943
0.424 0.952
0.448 0.950
0.995 0.874

2.2E15 1.583 2.187 0.683
1.4E15 0.794 1.426 0.838
1.5E15 0.866 1.416 0.823
1.3E15 0.803 1.433 0.837
5.1E15 1.895 2.243 0.610
1.4E15 0.800 1.388 0.837
1.5E15 0.828 1.458 0.831
0.8E15 0.754 1.498 0.847

108

L. H. Ngo et al.

(a) Pollution dataset

(b) ETT dataset

(c) ELD dataset
Fig. 4. overlay_dx graphs of various methods on 3 datasets.

5

Conclusion and Future Works

Our introduction of .overlay_dx represents a signiﬁcant advancement in evaluating time series prediction models by combining visual interpretability and
quantitative assessments into a comprehensive framework, addressing a critical
gap in existing methods. The overlay curve provides an intuitive visual representation of model performance, allowing for rapid understanding and identiﬁcation of areas for improvement, while .overlay_dx oﬀers a quantitative measure
of alignment between predicted and actual values. This dual approach enhances
the evaluation process, making it both interpretable and precise. Additionally,
.overlay_dx serves as a comprehensive evaluation framework, accommodating
both technical and non-technical stakeholders to facilitate better communication and decision-making in model selection. Through extensive experimentation, we have demonstrated its reliability across various datasets, model types,
and prediction scenarios.
While .overlay_dx oﬀers signiﬁcant advantages, we acknowledge several limitations. While the computational complexity increases with the number of
threshold levels evaluated, the choice of threshold ranges can inﬂuence the ﬁnal

Overlay_dx - Automating Forecasting Evaluation

109

score. Also, the visual interpretation may still require some training for optimal
use.
This work opens several promising leads for future research. One direction involves the development of algorithms for automated threshold selection,
enabling the determination of optimal threshold ranges for various types of time
series data. Another is the extension of .overlay_dx to accommodate multivariate
time series prediction evaluation. Exploring real-time evaluation methods, such
as streaming variants of .overlay_dx for online assessment of prediction models, also presents valuable opportunities. Additionally, integrating .overlay_dx
into deep learning frameworks by developing .overlay_dx-based loss functions
for neural network training could enhance model performance. Finally, creating
domain-speciﬁc adaptations of .overlay_dx for specialized applications, such as
ﬁnancial forecasting or weather prediction, oﬀers signiﬁcant potential for targeted advancements.
We believe .overlay_dx represents a signiﬁcant step forward in time series
model evaluation, providing a foundation for future research in the forecasting
area. The metric’s ability to combine visual interpretability with quantitative
rigor addresses a fundamental need in the ﬁeld, and its extensibility provides
numerous opportunities for future development and application.
Acknowledgments. This work has been funded by the European Union’s Horizon Europe research and innovation program under grant agreement No. 101070487
(NEPHELE).

References
1. Myerson, J., Green, L., Warusawitharana, M.: Area under the curve as a measure
of discounting. J. Exp. Anal. Behav. 76, 235–243 (2001)
2. Willmott, C.J., Matsuura, K.: Advantages of the mean absolute error (MAE) over
the root mean square error (RMSE) in assessing average model performance. Climate Res. 30(1), 79–82 (2005)
3. Hodson, T.O.: Root mean square error (RMSE) or mean absolute error (MAE):
when to use them or not. Geoscientiﬁc Model Development Discussions, pp. 1–10
(2022)
4. Chai, T., Draxler, R.R., et al.: Root mean square error (RMSE) or mean absolute
error (MAE). Geosci. Model Dev. Discuss. 7(1), 1525–1534 (2014)
5. Bozdogan, H.: Model selection and Akaike’s information criterion (AIC): the general theory and its analytical extensions. Psychometrika 52(3), 345–370 (1987)
6. Cavanaugh, J.E., Neath, A.A.: The akaike information criterion: background,
derivation, properties, application, interpretation, and reﬁnements. Wiley Interdisc. Rev. Comput. Stat. 11(3), e1460 (2019)
7. De Myttenaere, A., Golden, B., Le Grand, B., Rossi, F.: Mean absolute percentage
error for regression models. Neurocomputing 192, 38–48 (2016)
8. Cleger-Tamayo, S., Fernández-Luna, J.M., Huete, J.F.: On the use of weighted
mean absolute error in recommender systems. In: RUE@ RecSys, pp. 24–26 (2012)
9. Wang, Z., Bovik, A.C.: Mean squared error: love it or leave it? A new look at signal
ﬁdelity measures. IEEE Signal Process. Mag. 26(1), 98–117 (2009)

110

L. H. Ngo et al.

10. Shcherbakov, M.V., et al.: A survey of forecast error measures. World Appl. Sci.
J. 24(24), 171–176 (2013)
11. Müller, M.: Dynamic time warping. Information retrieval for music and motion,
pp. 69–84 (2007)
12. Cummins, C.A., McInerney, J.O.: A method for inferring the rate of evolution of
homologous characters that can potentially improve phylogenetic inference, resolve
deep divergence and correct systematic biases. Syst. Biol. 60, 833–844 (2011)
13. Zhang, S., Guo, B., Dong, A., He, J., Xu, Z., Chen, S.X.: Cautionary tales on
air-quality improvement in Beijing. Proc. Royal Soc. A Math. Phys. Eng. Sci.
473(2205), 20170457 (2017)
14. Zhou, H., et al.: Informer: beyond eﬃcient transformer for long sequence timeseries forecasting. In: The Thirty-Fifth AAAI Conference on Artiﬁcial Intelligence,
AAAI 2021, Virtual Conference, vol. 35, pp. 11106–11115. AAAI Press (2021)
15. Trindade, A.: ElectricityLoadDiagrams20112014. UCI Machine Learning Repository (2015). https://doi.org/10.24432/C58C86
16. Aalen, O.O.: A linear regression model for the analysis of life times. Stat. Med.
8(8), 907–925 (1989)
17. Segal, M.R.: Machine learning benchmarks and random forest regression. UCSF:
Center for Bioinformatics and Molecular Biostatistics (2004)
18. Schonlau, M., Zou, R.Y.: The random forest algorithm for statistical learning.
Stand Genomic Sci. 20(1), 3–29 (2020)
19. Zhang, X., Yan, C., Gao, C., Malin, B.A., Chen, Y.: Predicting missing values in
medical data via xgboost regression. J. Healthc. Inform. Res. 4, 383–394 (2020)
20. Shehadeh, A., Alshboul, O., Al Mamlook, R.E., Hamedat, O.: Machine learning
models for predicting the residual value of heavy construction equipment: an evaluation of modiﬁed decision tree, lightgbm, and xgboost regression. Autom. Constr.
129, 103827 (2021)
21. Peterson, L.E.: K-nearest neighbor. Scholarpedia 4(2), 1883 (2009)
22. Song, Y., Liang, J., Lu, J., Zhao, X.: An eﬃcient instance selection algorithm for
k nearest neighbor regression. Neurocomputing 251, 26–34 (2017)
23. Ahmad, M.W., Reynolds, J., Rezgui, Y.: Predictive modelling for solar thermal
energy systems: a comparison of support vector regression, random forest, extra
trees and regression trees. J. Clean. Prod. 203, 810–821 (2018)
24. Aslam, F., Alyousef, R., Awan, H.H., Javed, M.F.: Forecasting the self-healing
capacity of engineered cementitious composites using bagging regressor and stacking regressor. In: Structures, vol. 54, pp. 1717–1728. Elsevier (2023)
25. Ariyo, A.A., Adewumi, A.O., Ayo, C.K.: Stock price prediction using the arima
model. In: 2014 UKSim-AMSS 16th International Conference on Computer Modelling and Simulation, pp. 106–112. IEEE (2014)

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches for Coral
Health Monitoring and Database Development
Dua Weraikat1(B)

, Febin Antony2 , and Sabrina Albukhari1

1 Rochester Institute of Technology, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

dxwcad@rit.edu
2 Westford University College, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates

Abstract. Coral reefs are vital marine ecosystems that play a crucial role in supporting biodiversity, providing coastal protection, and driving global fisheries and
tourism economies. However, these ecosystems are under increasing threat from
coral bleaching, driven by climate change and human-induced stressors. Monitoring and mitigating coral bleaching require scalable, automated systems capable
of accurate detection and classification. This study presents a synthesis of stateof-the-art deep learning models, including VGG16 and YOLO, for coral health
assessment. Additionally, a novel annotated coral bleaching database is introduced,
designed from diverse video and image sources to train machine learning models
effectively. Our results demonstrate that these approaches not only improve the
accuracy of coral health classification but also enhance the scalability and reliability of reef monitoring efforts, supporting marine conservation initiatives. Future
work focuses on expanding datasets and exploring advanced architectures such as
ResNet50 and EfficientNet to improve generalization and robustness.
Keywords: Deep Learning · YOLOv5 · VGG16 · Image Database · Coral
Bleaching

1 Introduction
Coral reefs are one of the most ecologically and economically valuable ecosystems,
providing services such as coastal protection, fishery resources, and tourism, harboring
approximately 25% of marine species despite occupying less than 1% of the ocean floor.
However, the health of coral reefs is increasingly jeopardized by coral bleaching, a phenomenon where corals lose their symbiotic algae (zooxanthellae) due to environmental
stressors like elevated sea temperatures [1]. If stress continues, corals often die, which
severely impacts the entire ecosystem. Global climate change, including ocean warming,
has led to an increase in coral bleaching events, making timely and accurate monitoring
essential for conservation and mitigation efforts [2].
The frequency of bleaching events has increased significantly over the last three
decades, correlating with rising ocean temperatures driven by climate change. Notably,
mass bleaching events during El Niño years have devastated coral populations worldwide. While traditional methods for detecting coral bleaching such as manual surveys,
© The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 111–121, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_8

112

D. Weraikat et al.

satellite imagery, and aerial photographs have been utilized, they are limited by high
cost, logistical challenges, and inconsistent human interpretation [3, 4]. A growing body
of research suggests that image processing and machine learning algorithms offer more
scalable, cost-effective, and accurate methods of detecting bleaching [5]. Convolutional
neural networks (CNNs), such as VGG16 and YOLO, have shown exceptional potential
in automating coral classification and detection. This can be implemented on underwater
robots that can dive in oceans to collect data.
There is however a significant gap in the availability of comprehensive databases
that integrate these modern technologies with bleaching imagery. Existing databases
are often region-specific, lack integration of advanced computational methods, or are
incomplete in terms of metadata such as environmental conditions [6, 7]. This paper aims
to address this gap by creating a coral bleaching database from diverse image and video
sources, specifically targeting the use of these data for machine learning algorithms. This
database is a crucial resource for developing accurate models for automated detection
and offers substantial potential for global conservation efforts.
The reminder of the article is as follows. The relevant literature is provided in the
Sect. 2, Sect. 3 explains the methodology followed to create and train the database
using two deep learning models followed by results and conclusions n Sects. 4 and 5
respectively.

2 Literature Review
2.1 Coral Bleaching: Causes and Impact
Coral bleaching is primarily caused by prolonged thermal stress, often associated with
climate-induced ocean warming [2, 7]. Studies have highlighted that ocean temperature
irregularities are the leading cause of widespread bleaching, especially during El Niño
events. Mass bleaching events, such as those observed between 2014 and 2017, highlight
the urgent need for global monitoring and intervention [8, 9]. The need for real-time,
high-accuracy monitoring systems is well-established, with remote sensing technologies
being identified as a key tool in this effort [4].
Historically, monitoring efforts have relied heavily on diver surveys and manual
assessments, both of which can be error-prone and resource-intensive [10]. Satellite
imagery and aerial photography have expanded the scope of monitoring, but these methods are limited by cost and resolution constraints [3]. Moreover, there is no universal
standard for data collection and analysis, which limits the comparability of data across
different studies [2].
2.2 Traditional and Deep Learning Methods for Coral Monitoring
Historically, coral monitoring has relied on manual surveys conducted by divers, providing high-resolution, direct observations. However, these methods are resource-intensive,
time-consuming, and prone to observer bias. Satellite-based remote sensing and aerial
photography have expanded monitoring capabilities but face challenges related to spatial resolution, costs, and weather dependency [5]. Deep learning approaches have

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches

113

gained traction as scalable and accurate solutions for coral reef monitoring. VGG16
and VGG19, hallmark CNN architectures, are widely recognized for their robust feature
extraction capabilities and have been applied to classify coral health with remarkable
accuracy. These architectures excel in hierarchical feature extraction, enabling precise
differentiation between healthy and bleached corals.
The application of image processing and machine learning in environmental monitoring has rapidly gained traction, particularly for automating the identification of ecological patterns [11–13]. In the marine environment, image processing techniques such
as object-based image analysis (OBIA) and deep learning models have demonstrated
their utility in mapping coral reefs and classifying different coral species [5].
YOLO, a landmark in object detection, offers real-time efficiency by framing detection as a single regression problem. Its grid-based approach enables simultaneous localization and classification of coral regions, making it ideal for large-scale reef assessments.
These models have the ability to detect bleaching from photographic data, offering realtime, scalable monitoring solutions that traditional methods cannot achieve. However,
the success of these algorithms is contingent on access to high-quality, labeled datasets
[14, 15].
2.3 Challenges in Dataset Development
The lack of high-quality, annotated datasets tailored for coral reef monitoring remains
a significant bottleneck in applying deep learning models. There are some regional
databases for coral health monitoring exist, such as those created by Garza-Perez et al.
[6] for the Gulf of California and Chen et al. [16] for the Great Barrier Reef. While
these datasets provide valuable insights, they are often geographically limited and do
not incorporate the variety of environmental conditions required for machine learning
models to generalize effectively [17].
ReefBase (https://scistarter.org/reefbase) managed by WorldFish, is one of the most
comprehensive coral reef databases, but it focuses more on reef biodiversity than on
bleaching events specifically. Furthermore, these datasets lack the necessary resolution
or frequency of updates to support real-time machine learning applications.
To address this, our proposed database integrates videos and images from various
sources, with complete metadata about environmental conditions. This approach fills
the existing gap by providing a diverse, centralized, and accessible database for training
machine learning algorithms, thus enhancing coral bleaching detection.

3 Methodology
The project employed a systematic, multi-stage approach to achieve effective coral health
detection and classification. Each stage was designed to optimize performance and ensure
the robustness of the detection system, Fig. 1.
3.1 Database and Image Extraction
To build a robust dataset for training models to detect coral bleaching, we used the
Roboflow platform, a widely-used tool in computer vision. Roboflow facilitates data

114

D. Weraikat et al.

collection, preprocessing, annotation, and augmentation, making it efficient to create
and organize datasets.
A workspace titled “Coral Reef Bleaching” was created on Roboflow. Multiple documentaries and videos related to coral reef bleaching, mainly sourced from YouTube,
were imported. Video content was preferred due to the time-intensive nature of manually
collecting images from the internet. Roboflow’s video segmentation feature extracted
individual frames from the videos, significantly increasing the dataset size.
These frames were then automatically segmented into individual images, as shown in
Fig. 2. The “Annotate” feature in Roboflow was used to manually label each image, with
team members highlighting regions of coral bleaching using bounding boxes (Fig. 3).
These annotations are critical for training accurate object detection models.
The dataset was central to the project’s success, tailored specifically for YOLObased object detection. The dataset was constructed from diverse sources, including
documentaries and online videos documenting coral bleaching events. Frames were
extracted from these videos, increasing dataset variability and size.
Preprocessing: Images were standardized through resolution adjustments, denoising,
normalization, and segmentation to isolate regions of interest (ROIs). Augmentation:
Data augmentation techniques, including rotation, flipping, and brightness adjustments,
were applied to enhance model generalization. Figure 4 illustrates the augmented coral
images.
To evaluate the models effectively and avoid data leakage, the dataset was divided
into: Training Set (80%): Used for training the deep learning models, Validation Set
(10%): Used to tune hyperparameters and evaluate model performance during training, and Test Set (10%): Reserved for final evaluation on unseen data. This 80-10-10
split ensured the model’s ability to generalize across different datasets and prevented
overfitting.
3.2 Overview of Deep Learning Models
VGG16. VGG16 are hallmark convolutional networks, renowned for their uniform
architecture, where each convolutional block is followed by max-pooling. The simplicity
of their design—utilizing only 3x3 convolutions filters—belies their effectiveness in
capturing hierarchical image features. These models are tailored for tasks demanding
precise and systematic feature extraction [18]. Figure 5 provides the architecture of the
VGG16 method.
YOLO (You Only Look Once), YOLO is a landmark model in real-time object detection, framing the task as a single regression problem rather than region-based classification [19]. It divides an image into grids, with each grid cell predicting bounding boxes,
confidence scores, and class probabilities. YOLO’s lightweight architecture and unified
approach enable rapid and accurate detection, making it an excellent choice for coral
localization within reef [20].
Figure 6 illustrates YOLO’s grid-based method for predicting bounding boxes and
class probabilities. This approach enhances real-time efficiency by treating detection as
a single regression problem. The figure shows YOLO’s capability to detect and classify
coral types or conditions in reef images.

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches

115

Fig. 1. Proposed Methodology for Coral Health Detection and Classification Method

Bounding boxes around identified objects (like corals) are annotated with class labels
and confidence scores, ranging from 0 to 1. For example, “Healthy Coral: 0.95” indicates
95% confidence in identification, while “Bleached Coral: 0.80” suggests 80% certainty.
YOLO’s accuracy is reflected in the precision of these bounding boxes and its ability to
process entire images quickly. This figure demonstrates how YOLO’s real-time detection
can support large-scale reef health assessments with reliable data. Specific values or
statistics in the figure highlight the model’s accuracy in detecting coral health states
under various conditions.
3.3 Model Development
The project combined object detection and classification models to achieve comprehensive coral health analysis. YOLO for Object Detection: YOLO was configured to

116

D. Weraikat et al.

Fig. 2. Segmented frames from a documentary for annotation

Fig. 3. Example of the annotation process using the bounding box tool

detect coral regions, with fine-tuning of confidence thresholds and IoU for optimized
performance.
The dataset was exported in the YOLOv5 PyTorch format, optimized for object detection tasks. Model training was conducted on Google Colab, utilizing Python and a tailored
code snippet from Roboflow to ensure a smooth transition from dataset preparation to
model training. VGG16 for Classification: The pre-trained VGG16 model was fine-tuned
on the annotated dataset to classify coral health states as “healthy” or “bleached.”
3.4 Evaluation Metrics
Models were evaluated using precision, recall, F1-score, and mean average precision
(mAP), ensuring robustness across classification and detection tasks.

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches

117

Fig. 4. Augmented Coral images

Fig. 5. VGG16 Architecture

Fig. 6. YOLO Architecture

4 Results and Discussions
The model performance results highlight both the strengths and limitations of each
deep learning architecture used for coral classification. VGG16 achieved perfect training
accuracy but exhibited slight overfitting, with lower validation and testing accuracies of

118

D. Weraikat et al.

87.72%. Despite maintaining good classification metrics (0.88 for VGG16), the VGG
models were slightly less robust due to overfitting (Tables 1, 2 and Figs. 7, 8, 9).
Table 1. Detection report of the proposed YOLO model
Class

Images

Instances

Precision

Recall

mAP50

mAP50–95

ALL

264

592

0.6

0.504

0.561

0.277

Healthy

264

324

0.635

0.444

0.517

0.26

Bleach

264

268

0.575

0.563

0.604

0.293

Fig. 7. YOLO Detection Model

Model Classification Performance Summary:
VGG16
• Training Accuracy: 100.00%
• Training Loss: 0.0061
• Validation Accuracy: 87.72%
• Validation Loss: 0.4417
• Testing Accuracy: 87.72%
• Testing Loss: 0.4417
YOLO achieved an mAP50 of 56.1%, showcasing robust detection capabilities for
coral health monitoring. However, its lower mAP50-95 (27.7%) highlights challenges in
detecting fine-grained variations in coral conditions. This performance disparity suggests
that YOLO may benefit from incorporating advanced architectures such as YOLOv7 to
improve precision under diverse and complex conditions.

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches

119

Table 2. Classification report of the Proposed VGG 16 model
Class

Precision

Recall

F1-Score

Support

Bleached

0.88

0.87

0.87

162

Healthy

0.88

0.88

0.88

172

Overall

0.88

0.88

0.88

334

Fig. 8. Validation accuracy and Loss graph of VGG 16

Fig. 9. Confusion Matrix for VGG 16 model

Similarly, VGG16 demonstrated a validation accuracy of 87.72% but exhibited overfitting, as evidenced by a perfect training accuracy of 100%. This disparity indicates that
while VGG16 excels during training, its generalization to unseen data is limited. Augmentation techniques were employed to enhance generalization, but the slight underperformance suggests the need for additional regularization strategies, such as batch

120

D. Weraikat et al.

normalization or dropout. Fine-tuning these models could help address overfitting and
improve their reliability in real-world applications.
In summary, both YOLO and VGG16 offer complementary strengths: YOLO excels
in real-time detection, while VGG16 provides accurate classification. However, challenges such as overfitting in VGG16 and YOLO’s limitations in detecting nuanced coral
conditions underscore the need for refinement. These insights guide future research
toward enhancing the robustness and scalability of these models, ensuring their effective
deployment in coral reef monitoring systems.

5 Conclusion
Coral reefs, as one of the planet’s most critical ecosystems, face existential threats from
climate change and human-induced stressors. This study demonstrates the transformative
potential of deep learning technologies in monitoring and mitigating these threats. By
leveraging advanced architectures such as VGG16 for classification and YOLO for realtime object detection, this research highlights the strengths of AI in automating coral
health assessments. These models provide scalable, accurate, and efficient alternatives
to traditional monitoring methods, overcoming challenges such as high costs and limited
resolution associated with manual surveys and remote sensing.
A significant contribution of this study is the development of a novel coral bleaching
database. Compiled from diverse video and image sources, the dataset enriches model
training by incorporating metadata such as geolocation and environmental parameters.
This approach addresses critical gaps in existing databases, enabling models to generalize
across diverse reef conditions and improving their real-world applicability.
The results showcase the effectiveness of combining robust datasets with cuttingedge AI tools, achieving high accuracies in detecting and classifying coral health states.
However, challenges such as overfitting in classification models and dataset biases
underline the need for continued refinement. Future research should focus on expanding the database to include global contributions, integrating advanced architectures like
EfficientNet, and exploring real-time deployment of these models in conservation efforts.
This study underscores the essential role of interdisciplinary innovation in tackling
environmental crises. By advancing the integration of AI and marine conservation, this
research lays a foundation for scalable, cost-effective monitoring solutions that can
inform targeted conservation actions and policy interventions, ensuring the preservation
of coral reefs for future generations.
Future work will expand the dataset, include global contributions, and explore
advanced architectures such as ResNet50 and EfficientNet. Real-time deployment of
these models in marine conservation initiatives could revolutionize coral reef monitoring,
aiding in policy-making and targeted conservation actions.

References
1. Hoegh-Guldberg, O.: Climate change, coral bleaching and the future of the world’s coral
reefs. Mar. Freshw. Res. 50(8), 839–866 (1999)

Integrated Deep Learning Approaches

121

2. Hughes, T.P., et al.: Global warming and recurrent mass bleaching of corals. Nature 543(7645),
373–377 (2017)
3. Roelfsema, C., et al.: Coral reef habitat mapping: a combination of object-based image analysis
and ecological modelling. Remote Sens. Environ. 208, 27–41 (2018)
4. Hedley, J.D., et al.: Remote sensing of coral reefs for monitoring and management: a review.
Remote Sens. 8(2), 118 (2016)
5. Gonzalez-Rivero, M., et al.: Monitoring of coral reefs using artificial intelligence: a feasible
and cost-effective approach. Remote Sens. 12(3), 489 (2020)
6. Garza-Pérez, J.R., Barrón-Coronel, F.: Coral reef benthos classification using data from a
short-range multispectral sensor. Remote Sens. 14(22), 5782 (2022)
7. Baker, A.C., Glynn, P.W., Riegl, B.: Climate change and coral reef bleaching: an ecological
assessment of long-term impacts, recovery trends, and future outlook. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser.
370, 169–203 (2008). https://doi.org/10.3354/meps07084
8. Heron, S.F., Maynard, J.A., Van Hooidonk, R.: Warming trends and bleaching stress of the
world’s coral reefs 1985–2012. Sci. Rep. 6, 38402 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1038/srep38402
9. Eakin, C.M., Sweatman, H.P., Brainard, R.E.: The 2014–2017 global-scale coral bleaching
event: insights and impacts. Coral Reefs 38(4), 539–545 (2019)
10. McClanahan, T.R., et al.: Western Indian Ocean coral communities: bleaching responses and
susceptibility to extinction. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 337, 1–13 (2007)
11. Mumby, P.J., et al.: Remote sensing of coral reefs and the management of marine resources.
Remote Sens. Environ. 155, 1–11 (2014)
12. Li, Y., Guo, R., Huang, L., et al.: Coral classification using deep learning with an imbalanced
dataset. Eco. Inform. 50, 44–52 (2019)
13. Ali, U., Mahmood, M.T.: Underwater image restoration through regularization of coherent
structures. Front. Mar. Sci. 9, 1024339 (2022)
14. Díaz-Pachón, D.A., Lee, K.Y., Riera, S.A.: Detection of coral bleaching using neural networks.
Eco. Inform. 55, 101015 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2019.101015
15. Wynn, J., Finkelstein, S., Ma, L.: Coral reef monitoring using satellite remote sensing. Remote
Sens. Environ. 241, 111727 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2020.111727
16. Chen, Z., Huang, W., Zeng, Q.: Machine learning algorithms for coral reef mapping: a great
barrier reef case study. Remote Sens. Environ. 246, 112015 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/
j.rse.2020.112015
17. Wang, J., Chu, C., Soong, K.: Comparison of the bleaching susceptibility of coral species by
using minimal samples of live corals. PeerJ 10 (2022). https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.12840
18. Nemer, Z.N.: Implementation of multiple CNN architectures to classify the sea coral images.
Informatica 47(1) (2023)
19. Wang, C.Y., Liao, H.Y.M.: YOLOv1 to YOLOv10: the fastest and most accurate real-time
object detection systems. APSIPA Trans. Signal Inf. Process. 13(1) (2024)
20. Zhong, J., Li, M., Qin, J., Cui, Y., Yang, K., Zhang, H.: Real-time marine animal detection using YOLO-based deep learning networks in the coral reef ecosystem. Int. Arch.
Photogramm. Remote. Sens. Spat. Inf. Sci. 46, 301–306 (2022)

Optimization and Search Algorithms:
Metaheuristics and Hybrid Approaches

Chaotic Binarization of Tasmanian Devil
Optimization for Solving the Knapsack
Problem
Felipe Cisternas-Caneo1 , José Barrera-Garcia1(B) , Broderick Crawford1 ,
Ricardo Soto1 , Giovanni Giachetti2 , and Eric Monfroy3
1

Pontiﬁcia Universidad Católica de Valparaı́so, Valparaı́so, Chile
felipe.cisternas.c@mail.pucv.cl,
{jose.barrera,broderick.crawford,ricardo.soto}@pucv.cl
2
Universidad Andres Bello, Santiago, Chile
giovanni.giachetti@unab.cl
3
Université d’ Angers, Leria, France
eric.monfroy@univ-angers.fr

Abstract. The Knapsack Problem (KP) is a classic combinatorial optimization challenge with applications in several ﬁelds including logistics
and ﬁnance. Traditional solving approaches often struggle to solve largescale and complex instances, necessitating the adoption of advanced
metaheuristic techniques. This study presents a novel approach that integrates chaotic maps into the Tasmanian Devil Optimization (TDO) algorithm to address the KP more eﬀectively. Speciﬁcally, a chaotic binarization mechanism is proposed to improve the balance between exploration
and exploitation. Comparative analyses with state-of-the-art metaheuristics were performed, using KP benchmark datasets. The results demonstrate that the chaotic sine-based TDO outperforms traditional methods
in terms of solution quality, convergence stability, and computational eﬃciency. These ﬁndings highlight the potential of chaotic hybridization as
a promising tool for solving binary combinatorial optimization problems.
Keywords: Chaotic Maps · Tasmanian Devil Optimization ·
Binarization Schemes · Metaheuristics · Knapsack Problem

1

Introduction

The knapsack problem (KP) is a classical combinatorial optimization problem
with applications in various ﬁelds such as logistics, ﬁnance, and operations
research. Traditional algorithms often struggle with complex and large-scale
instances, necessitating the use of metaheuristic techniques.
Hybridization of metaheuristics with chaotic maps has emerged as a prominent approach in optimization research. This hybridization is mainly used to
improve the balance between exploration and exploitation. The low computational cost and adaptability of these maps make them eﬀective for dynamically
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 125–137, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_9

126

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.

adapting parameters within metaheuristic frameworks. These advantages have
established chaotic hybridization as a breakthrough in solving complex optimization problems.
Tasmanian Devil Optimization (TDO) is a recently introduced metaheuristic
that simulates the hunting and territorial behaviors of Tasmanian devils. While
TDO has demonstrated eﬃcacy in continuous optimization problems, its application to discrete problems remains limited. This paper proposes the integration of
chaotic maps to improve TDO’s binarization process, enhancing its performance
in solving the knapsack problem. The key contributions of this work include:
– Development of a binarization mechanism for TDO using chaotic maps.
– Comparative analysis with state-of-the-art metaheuristics on KP benchmarks.
– Evaluation of the impact of chaotic dynamics on convergence and solution
quality.
The structure of this article is as follows: Sect. 2 mentions in detail the
hybridization between chaotic maps and swarm intelligence, Sect. 3 mentions
the methodology applied in the present work, Sect. 4 mentions the conﬁguration
of experiments, Sect. 5 mentions the experimental analysis to close Sect. 6 with
the conclusions of the work.

2

Chaotic Maps Into Swarm Intelligence Algorithms

Chaos is a deterministic but random method, and the chaotic system can be considered the source of randomness [7, 10]. It is deterministic since it has chaotic
variables that deﬁne the behavior. Therefore, the same chaotic sequence will
always be obtained using the same variables. The main interest shown in the
community for these maps is due to their low computational cost and few parameters [11].
Reviewing the literature, there are works such as [6] where chaotic maps
are incorporated into the Zebra Optimization Algorithm to increase exploratory
capabilities and avoid falling into local optima. In the work [8], the authors
include the cubic chaotic map in Particle Swarm Optimization in the initialization process to improve the diversity of a population. In the work [4], the
authors incorporate chaotic maps into the Salp Swarm Algorithm to improve
exploratory capabilities and perform a more eﬃcient global search. In the work
[9], the authors incorporate chaotic maps into the Sandbox Swarm Optimization
Algorithm to improve the exploration-exploitation capabilities. In the work [1],
the authors integrate chaotic maps in Dwarf Mongoose Optimization to accelerate convergence by modifying Dwarf Mongoose motion components during the
optimization process. In work [16], the authors use a Bernoulli chaotic map in
an Artiﬁcial Bee Colony Algorithm to improve diversity and employability. In
the work [14], the authors use chaotic maps in the Bird Swarm Algorithm to
avoid premature convergence.

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

127

All these recent works conﬁrm the great interest in chaotic maps in swarm
intelligence, not only because of the diversity of swarm intelligence algorithms
but also because of the diverse applications. This evidence and the No Free
Lunch Theorem [15] motivate us to incorporate chaotic maps in Tasmanian
Devil Optimization.

3

Proposed Methodology

3.1

Canonical Tasmanian Devil Optimization

The Tasmanian Devil Optimization (TDO) is inspired by the feeding behavior
of Tasmanian devils in the wild [5]. These carnivorous marsupials adopt two
main strategies to ﬁnd food: scavenging for carrion left by other predators and
hunting live prey. This dual behavior provides an eﬀective model for balancing
exploration and exploitation.
In the exploration phase, carrion searching is mimicked, where each individual (demon) in the population randomly selects another as a potential carrion.
Movement is modeled based on the relative ﬁtness of the carrion using the equation:
xnew
i,j =

xi,j + r · (ci,j − I · xi,j ),
xi,j + r · (xi,j − ci,j ),

FC < Fi
otherwise

(1)

where r is a random factor in [0, 1], I is an intensity factor, and FC and Fi
represent the ﬁtness of the carrion and the devil, respectively. This phase ensures
a global search across the solution space by encouraging diverse movements.
The exploitation phase emulates the Tasmanian devil’s prey hunting behavior, which consists of attacking and chasing prey. First, the devil selects a random
prey and adjusts its position:
xnew
i,j =

xi,j + r · (pi,j − I · xi,j ),
xi,j + r · (xi,j − pi,j ),

FP < Fi
otherwise

(2)

where FP is the ﬁtness of prey. Then, the devil reﬁnes its position by chasing
the prey in a shrinking neighborhood deﬁned by the radius:
R = 0.01 · 1 −

t
T

(3)

where t is the current iteration and T the total iterations. The new position is
calculated as:
xnew
i,j = xi,j + (2r − 1) · R · xi,j

(4)

An interesting thing about this algorithm is that any observed move will be
accepted only when the move leads to a better solution. This move acceptance
criterion is reﬂected in the following equation:

128

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.

Xi =

Xinew ,
Xi ,

Fnew is better than Fi
otherwise

(5)

Algorithm 1. Tasmanian Devil Optimization (TDO)
1: Initialize the positions of Tasmanian devils X population randomly
2: Evaluate the objective function for all Xi to compute Fi
3: Identify the initial best solution Xbest
4: for t = 1 to T do
5:
for i = 1 to N do
6:
Generate a random probability P ∈ [0, 1]
Exploration Phase
7:
if P < 0.5 then
8:
Randomly select a carrion Ci = Xk , where k = i
9:
Update position using Eq. (1)
10:
Accept the new position according Eq. (5)
Exploitation Phase
11:
else
Prey Selection
12:
Randomly select a prey Pi = Xk , where k =
13:
Update position using Eq. (2)
Prey Chasing
14:
Accept the new position according Eq. (5)
15:
Update neighborhood radius by Eq. (3)
16:
Update position within neighborhood by Eq. (4)
17:
Accept the new position according Eq. (5)
18:
end if
19:
end for
20:
Update the best solution Xbest if a better solution is found
21: end for
22: Return: Best solution Xbest

3.2

Chaotic Binarization Process

The binarization process enables continuous metaheuristics to solve binary combinatorial optimization problems [2]. In the literature, the two-step technique
is the most widely used binarization process [2] where, as its name indicates,
the process lies in two stages: (1) a transfer function maps continuous values to
probabilities within [0, 1], and (2) a binarization rule converts these probabilities
into binary values. This approach bridges the gap between continuous solution
spaces and binary problem requirements.
On the other hand, the chaotic binarization process extends the traditional
method by integrating chaotic maps into the binarization rules [3]. This approach replaces the uniform random numbers typically used in the binarization
rule. This adaptation enhances the balance between exploration and exploitation by introducing chaotic sequences into the two-step technique, improving
optimization performance in solving binary combinatorial problems.

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

129

One of the virtues of this binarization approach is its rapid integration. For
the case of TDO, this process is integrated before the comparison of Eq. 5, i.e.,
the binarization process is integrated before calculating the ﬁtness.

4

Experimental Setup

4.1

Knapsack Problem Formulation

The Knapsack Problem (KP) is another NP-hard combinatorial optimization
problem. Mathematically, the Knapsack Problem is modeled as follows: Given
N objects, where the j-th object has its own weight wj and proﬁt pj , and a
knapsack that holds a limited weight capacity C, the problem consists of ﬁnding
the objects that maximize the proﬁt without exceeding the knapsack’s capacity.
The objective function is as follows:
N

max f (x) =

N

pj xj

wj xj ≤ C,

subject to

j=1

where xj ∈ {0, 1} ∀j ∈ J

j=1

(6)
where xj represents the binary decision variables (i.e., whether an element is
considered in the knapsack (value 1 in the decision variable) or not considered
in the knapsack (value 0 in the decision variable)).
4.2

Datasets and Benchmarks

The datasets for benchmarking the Knapsack Problem are categorized into three
types: uncorrelated, weakly correlated, and strongly correlated instances [12, 13].
– Uncorrelated instances include two datasets: PI 1 500 1000 1, with an optimum value of 28,857, and PI 1 1000 1000 1, with an optimum value of 54,503.
– Weakly correlated instances consist of PI 2 500 1000 1, which has an optimum value of 4,566, and PI 2 1000 1000 1, with an optimum value of 9,052.
– Strongly correlated instances are represented by PI 3 500 1000 1, with an
optimum value of 7,117, and PI 3 1000 1000 1, with an optimum value of
14,390.

4.3

Parameter Settings

The experiments were conducted using two benchmark metaheuristic algorithms
to compare our proposal. These metaheuristics are Particle Swarm Optimization
(PSO) and Grey Wolf Optimizer (GWO. To ensure the reliability of the results
and account for the stochastic nature of the algorithms, each experimental conﬁguration was executed 31 independent times. This approach allowed the computation of robust statistical metrics, such as the mean, standard deviation, and
relative percentage deviation (RPD).

130

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.

The general parameter settings included a population size of 20 and an
iteration limit of 500, providing a balance between computational eﬃciency
and solution quality. The S4 transfer function was selected for the binarization process due to its smooth transition properties, which enhance the exploration and exploitation capabilities of the algorithms. The binarization process
was evaluated using four conﬁgurations: Standard (STD), Standard with SINE
(STD SINE), Elitist (ELIT), and Elitist with SINE (ELIT SINE). The Standard rule (STD) served as a baseline for fair comparisons with traditional methods. The Elitist rule (ELIT) was employed to prioritize high-quality solutions,
improving convergence speed and robustness. In both cases, the SINE chaotic
map was integrated to enhance the binarization process further. The SINE
enhancement introduced non-linear dynamics that improved exploration capabilities, helping the algorithms escape local optima and achieve better overall
performance. This setup allowed a comprehensive evaluation of how the chaotic
map impacts diﬀerent binarization strategies across all tested instances.

5

Results and Discussion

The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated based on solution quality, convergence speed, and computational time.
5.1

Experimental Analysis

Tables 1, 2 and 3 presents a comparison of the ﬁtness values obtained by TDO,
PSO, and GWO for the diﬀerent knapsack problem instances.
Fitness Analysis for Uncorrelated Instances. Table 1 presents the ﬁtness
values obtained for the instances KP1 1000 1000 and KP1 500 1000, comparing
the performance of the proposed TDO variants with standard PSO and GWO
methods. The reported metrics include the best ﬁtness, average ﬁtness, standard
deviation (Dev-std), and the Relative Percentage Deviation (RPD) from the
optimal solution.
For the instance KP1 1000 1000, the TDA-STD SINE variant achieved the
highest best ﬁtness value of 51914.00, demonstrating its capability to explore the
solution space eﬀectively. This result was closely followed by PSO-STD SINE
(53080.00) and GWO-STD SINE (52660.00), indicating that the chaotic sinebased binarization technique improves performance across diﬀerent metaheuristics. Furthermore, TDA-STD SINE exhibited remarkable consistency, as evidenced by its identical best and average ﬁtness values (51914.00) and zero standard deviation, which underscores its robustness and reliability. In contrast,
GWO-ELIT SINE showed the highest variability, with a standard deviation of
1235.14, suggesting instability in its performance. The Relative Percentage Deviation (RPD) results further conﬁrmed the superiority of TDA-STD SINE, which
achieved the lowest RPD value of 4.75%, highlighting its ability to produce solutions that are closer to the optimal value compared to other methods.

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

131

Table 1. Fitness for KP1 1000 1000 and KP1 500 1000
Experiment

knapPI 1 1000 1000 1 (54503.0) knapPI 1 500 1000 1 (28857.0)
Best
Avg.
Dev-std RPD Best
Avg.
Dev-std RPD

TDA-STD

51848.00 51132.45 380.05 6.18 28700.00 28235.71 187.98 2.15

TDA-STD SINE 51914.00 51914.00 0.00
TDA-ELIT

4.75 28609.00 28609.00 0.00

0.86

49237.00 46738.90 1152.48 14.25 27050.00 26029.65 605.67 9.80

TDA-ELIT SINE 48713.00 46563.52 1057.51 14.57 27298.00 25985.26 569.49 9.95
PSO-STD

52191.00 51345.10 371.95 5.79 28710.00 28376.10 187.23 1.67

PSO-STD SINE

53080.00 51991.48 521.36 4.61 28688.00 28465.90 172.72 1.36

PSO-ELIT

48457.00 46506.06 876.40 14.67 27201.00 26088.87 601.16 9.59

PSO-ELIT SINE 48168.00 46445.84 919.17 14.78 27606.00 25933.19 639.26 10.13
GWO-STD

52094.00 50881.32 463.37 6.64 28629.00 28180.58 167.95 2.34

GWO-STD SINE 52660.00 51701.10 377.65 5.14 28609.00 28609.00 0.00
GWO-ELIT

0.86

48968.00 46676.35 929.89 14.36 27525.00 25925.00 636.42 10.16

GWO-ELIT SINE 49401.00 46890.94 1235.14 13.97 27267.00 25978.55 700.60 9.97

For the instance KP1 500 1000, TDA-STD SINE and GWO-STD SINE
achieved equivalent best ﬁtness values of 28609.00, showcasing their competitiveness for this smaller dataset. TDA-STD SINE once again demonstrated perfect consistency, with no deviation between its best and average ﬁtness values,
while PSO-STD SINE followed closely with an average ﬁtness value of 28465.90.
This consistency further reinforces the eﬀectiveness of the chaotic sine-based approach in stabilizing the search process. The RPD values for TDA-STD SINE and
GWO-STD SINE were both 0.86%, the lowest among all conﬁgurations, which
highlights their capability to ﬁnd high-quality solutions with minimal deviation
from the optimal result.
Fitness Analysis for Weakly Correlated Instances. Table 2 presents the
ﬁtness results obtained for the weakly correlated instances KP2 1000 1000 and
KP2 500 1000, comparing the performance of the proposed TDO variants with
standard PSO and GWO methods. The metrics include the best ﬁtness, average
ﬁtness, standard deviation (Dev-std), and the Relative Percentage Deviation
(RPD) from the optimal solution.
For the instance KP2 1000 1000, the TDA-STD SINE variant displayed competitive performance, achieving a best ﬁtness of 8,920.00 and demonstrating perfect stability with no deviation between its best and average ﬁtness values. Similarly, PSO-STD SINE and GWO-STD SINE achieved higher best ﬁtness values
of 8,984.00 and 8,969.00, respectively, with minimal deviations of 19.46 and
16.61, showcasing their capability to balance exploration and exploitation eﬀectively. In terms of RPD, PSO-STD SINE achieved the lowest value of 1.29%, followed closely by GWO-STD SINE (1.30%) and TDA-STD SINE (1.46%). These

132

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.
Table 2. Fitness for KP2 1000 1000 and KP2 500 1000

Experiment

knapPI 2 1000 1000 1 (9052.0) knapPI 2 500 1000 1 (4566.0)
Best
Avg.
Dev-std RPD Best
Avg.
Dev-std RPD

TDA-STD

8,949.00 8,904.97 20.04

1.62 4,559.00 4,548.13 5.92

0.39

TDA-STD SINE 8,920.00 8,920.00 0.00

1.46 4,553.00 4,553.00 0.00

0.28

TDA-ELIT

8,759.00 8,588.45 79.12

5.12 4,515.00 4,421.39 50.17

3.17

TDA-ELIT SINE 8,769.00 8,574.65 78.83

5.27 4,469.00 4,398.16 37.54

3.68

PSO-STD

8,949.00 8,920.10 19.71

1.46 4,566.00 4,553.03 5.68

0.28

PSO-STD SINE

8,984.00 8,935.68 19.46

1.29 4,557.00 4,552.39 2.36

0.30

PSO-ELIT

8,743.00 8,570.77 73.78

5.32 4,488.00 4,414.45 45.40

3.32

PSO-ELIT SINE 8,727.00 8,587.97 73.44

5.13 4,503.00 4,405.52 45.64

3.51

GWO-STD

8,951.00 8,898.03 23.49

1.70 4,566.00 4,550.61 5.45

0.34

GWO-STD SINE 8,969.00 8,934.42 16.61

1.30 4,553.00 4,551.39 2.43

0.32

GWO-ELIT

8,756.00 8,575.71 74.71

5.26 4,518.00 4,410.61 54.51

3.40

GWO-ELIT SINE 8,760.00 8,581.39 89.19

5.20 4,530.00 4,407.42 56.62

3.47

results indicate that the chaotic sine-based binarization process enhances solution quality and stability for weakly correlated instances.
For the instance KP2 500 1000, PSO-STD achieved the optimal solution,
with a best ﬁtness of 4,566.00 and the lowest RPD of 0.28%, demonstrating its
exceptional performance in this scenario. TDA-STD SINE and GWO-STD SINE
also achieved impressive results, with best ﬁtness values of 4,553.00 and RPD
values of 0.28% and 0.34%, respectively. Notably, TDA-STD SINE exhibited
perfect consistency, as evidenced by its zero standard deviation, highlighting
its robustness in achieving stable solutions. While TDA-ELIT and GWO-ELIT
variants demonstrated relatively lower ﬁtness values and higher deviations, their
performance was still within an acceptable range for weakly correlated instances.
Fitness Analysis for Strongly Correlated Instances. Table 3 summarizes
the ﬁtness results for the strongly correlated instances KP3 1000 1000 and
KP3 500 1000, comparing the proposed TDO variants with standard PSO and
GWO methods. The metrics include the best ﬁtness, average ﬁtness, standard
deviation (Dev-std), and the Relative Percentage Deviation (RPD) from the
optimal solution.
For the instance KP3 1000 1000, the PSO-STD SINE conﬁguration outperformed all other methods by achieving a best ﬁtness of 13,889.0 and a low
RPD of 3.89%, closely followed by GWO-STD SINE and TDA-STD SINE, which
achieved best ﬁtness values of 13,888.0 and 13,786.0, with RPDs of 4.19% and
4.20%, respectively. The TDA-STD SINE variant also demonstrated exceptional
stability, with a standard deviation of 0.0, indicating its robustness in maintaining consistent results. On the other hand, PSO-STD SINE exhibited slightly

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

133

Table 3. Fitness for KP3 1000 1000 and KP3 500 1000
Experiment

knapPI 3 1000 1000 1 (14390.0) knapPI 3 500 1000 1 (7117.0)
Best
Avg.
Dev-std RPD Best Avg.
Dev-std RPD

TDA-STD

13788.0 13717.45 53.0

4.67

7017.0 7007.74 18.51 1.54

TDA-STD SINE 13786.0 13786.0 0.0

4.2

7014.0 7014.0

TDA-ELIT

0.0

1.45

13481.0 13047.74 181.41 9.33

6887.0 6674.81 96.75

6.21

TDA-ELIT SINE 13390.0 13001.65 124.26 9.65

6810.0 6661.42 83.57

6.4

PSO-STD

13889.0 13744.84 59.96

4.48

7017.0 7007.74 24.1

1.54

PSO-STD SINE

13889.0 13829.87 47.63

3.89

7017.0 7014.16 3.79

1.44

PSO-ELIT

13381.0 13016.84 162.75 9.54

6785.0 6659.81 61.28

6.42

PSO-ELIT SINE 13285.0 13031.35 131.55 9.44
GWO-STD

6912.0 6682.84 101.3

6.1

13978.0 13706.0 72.05

4.75

7017.0 6977.55 45.6

1.96

GWO-STD SINE 13888.0 13787.48 49.53

4.19

7015.0 7009.23 5.76

1.51

13378.0 13047.55 155.09 9.33

6906.0 6676.61 72.63

6.19

6817.0 6654.52 78.28

6.5

GWO-ELIT

GWO-ELIT SINE 13183.0 13020.23 89.21

9.52

higher variability with a standard deviation of 47.63, but its superior performance in ﬁtness metrics oﬀsets this minor drawback. In contrast, elitist variants
such as TDA-ELIT and GWO-ELIT achieved lower ﬁtness values (e.g., 13,481.0
and 13,378.0) and higher RPDs, highlighting their weaker optimization capabilities in this instance.
For the instance KP3 500 1000, PSO-STD SINE and TDA-STD SINE
demonstrated leading performances, achieving best ﬁtness values of 7,017.0,
along with the lowest RPDs of 1.44% and 1.45%, respectively. These conﬁgurations also exhibited remarkable stability, as evidenced by low standard deviations, with TDA-STD SINE achieving zero deviation and PSO-STD SINE displaying a minor deviation of 3.79. The GWO-STD conﬁguration also achieved
competitive results, with a best ﬁtness of 7,017.0 and an RPD of 1.96%, though
it displayed slightly higher variability in its results compared to the chaotic sinebased variants. Elitist conﬁgurations, such as TDA-ELIT and PSO-ELIT, lagged
signiﬁcantly behind, with lower best ﬁtness values (e.g., 6,887.0 and 6,785.0)
and higher RPDs exceeding 6.0%, which suggests less eﬀective handling of this
strongly correlated dataset.
5.2

Time Analysis

Table 4 compares the execution times, measured in seconds, across the evaluated metaheuristics for all instances. The metrics reported include the average
execution time (Avg.) and standard deviation (Dev. Std.), highlighting the computational eﬃciency and stability of each algorithm conﬁguration.

134

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.
Table 4. Execution times summary for SCP instances

Experiment

knapPI 1 1000 1000 1 knapPI 1 500 1000 1 knapPI 2 1000 1000 1 knapPI 2 500 1000 1 knapPI 3 1000 1000 1 knapPI 3 500 1000 1
Avg. Dev. Std.
Avg. Dev. Std.
Avg. Dev. Std.
Avg. Dev. Std.
Avg. Dev. Std.
Avg. Dev. Std.

TDA-STD
75.45 7.33
TDA-STD SINE 77.66 7.7
62.31 6.05
TDA-ELIT
TDA-ELIT SINE 61.6 6.66

36.04 3.52
36.95 3.52
30.26 2.79
30.13 3.19

72.35 7.79
72.75 8.55
58.79 6.3
58.84 6.23

33.2 2.96
31.37 2.3
25.26 1.77
25.6 1.78

59.4 2.97
61.38 2.9
48.69 2.65
49.1 2.9

30.22 2.02
30.69 1.88
25.42 1.87
25.68 1.83

PSO-STD
PSO-STD SINE
PSO-ELIT
PSO-ELIT SINE

82.57 7.8
86.4 7.55
77.18 6.69
77.74 6.78

42.92 3.52
43.22 3.92
39.12 3.61
40,00 3.24

79.46 8.32
79.14 9.5
72.23 7.68
72.2 7.41

39.59 4.24
40.94 4.05
34.37 3.36
36.86 3.48

65.9 3.22
65.97 2.89
60.27 3.07
60.25 3.14

33.87 1.8
34.17 2.09
31.21 1.99
31.09 1.86

GWO-STD
88.57 8.27
GWO-STD SINE 85.11 8.49
77.27 7.06
GWO-ELIT
GWO-ELIT SINE 78.13 7.34

45.9 3.82
46.05 4.09
41.65 3.9
42.06 3.77

82.35 9.59
85.31 9.16
75.46 8.59
77.17 8.54

38.96 3.52
39.9 3.76
36.11 3.06
36.1 3.35

69.95 3.33
70.61 3.44
64.1 3.05
64.01 3.05

35.54 2.15
36.09 2.38
32.94 1.97
33.23 1.98

For the knapPI 1 1000 1000 1 instance, the TDA-ELIT conﬁguration
demonstrated the fastest average execution time (62.31 s), followed closely by
TDA-ELIT SINE (61.60 s). Both conﬁgurations signiﬁcantly outperformed their
standard and sine-enhanced counterparts, with GWO-STD being the slowest at
88.57 s. While the chaotic sine-based variants generally improved performance
metrics in terms of ﬁtness, they introduced a slight computational overhead in
comparison to the base TDO conﬁgurations, as seen in TDA-STD SINE (77.66 s)
versus TDA-STD (75.45 s). Similarly, GWO-STD SINE (85.11 s) exhibited a
marginally lower execution time than GWO-STD, though it remained computationally intensive.
For the smaller instance knapPI 1 500 1000 1, similar trends were observed.
TDA-ELIT SINE exhibited the fastest average execution time (30.13 s), while
GWO-STD recorded the slowest time (45.90 s). The chaotic sine-based variants
maintained comparable computational costs to their respective standard conﬁgurations, with slight variations in execution times. For instance, PSO-STD SINE
(43.22 s) was marginally slower than PSO-STD (42.92 s), but both conﬁgurations
showed more signiﬁcant computational requirements than the TDO variants.
For the weakly correlated instances, such as knapPI 2 1000 1000 1, TDAELIT and TDA-ELIT SINE continued to demonstrate superior computational
eﬃciency, with average execution times of 58.79 and 58.84 s, respectively. By
contrast, GWO-STD and GWO-STD SINE required signiﬁcantly longer execution times, averaging 82.35 and 85.31 s, respectively. These results highlight
the computational burden of GWO variants, particularly when enhanced with
chaotic sine-based binarization. For the minor instance knapPI 2 500 1000 1, the
TDO conﬁgurations were again the most eﬃcient, with TDA-ELIT achieving the
fastest 25.26 s.
For the strongly correlated instances, such as knapPI 3 1000 1000 1, TDAELIT SINE demonstrated competitive performance, with an average execution
time of 49.10 s, closely followed by TDA-ELIT (48.69 s). These results conﬁrm
the computational eﬃciency of the elitist TDO conﬁgurations for this instance
type. GWO-STD, however, required the most time, averaging 69.95 s, with its
chaotic sine-based variant, GWO-STD SINE, slightly slower at 70.61 s. For the
smaller instance knapPI 3 500 1000 1, the TDA-ELIT SINE conﬁguration was

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

135

once again among the fastest, averaging 25.68 s, while the GWO conﬁgurations
exhibited higher execution times, with GWO-STD averaging 35.54 s.

6

Conclusion

This paper presented a novel chaotic sine-based binarization approach integrated
into the Tasmanian Devil Optimization (TDO) metaheuristic and evaluated its
performance on various instances of the knapsack problem. The experimental
results demonstrated that chaotic sine-based TDO conﬁgurations signiﬁcantly
enhance optimization outcomes by improving solution quality, stability, and convergence, while maintaining competitive computational eﬃciency.
Regarding ﬁtness, the SINE-enhanced conﬁgurations consistently outperformed their standard counterparts. TDA-STD SINE emerged as the topperforming conﬁguration across all instance types, achieving high ﬁtness values with minimal deviations and low relative percentage deviation (RPD).
The enhanced exploration and exploitation capabilities introduced by the
chaotic sine-based binarization were instrumental in delivering these superior
results. Conversely, GWO conﬁgurations, particularly GWO-ELIT, often exhibited slower convergence and higher variability, suggesting limitations in handling
the search space eﬀectively.
Regarding execution times, TDA-ELIT and TDA-ELIT SINE emerged as the
most computationally eﬃcient conﬁgurations, delivering faster execution times
while maintaining competitive ﬁtness values. Although chaotic sine-based binarization introduced minor computational overhead, the trade-oﬀ was justiﬁed
by the signiﬁcant improvements in optimization outcomes. GWO conﬁgurations
consistently required longer execution times, reﬂecting their computational complexity.
The proposed TDO conﬁgurations’ scalability was evident across uncorrelated, weakly correlated, and strongly correlated instances, further emphasizing
this methodology’s versatility for combinatorial optimization problems. These
results suggest that the chaotic sine-based TDO method is well-suited for a wide
range of applications beyond the knapsack problem.
Despite its strengths, chaotic sine-based binarization introduces a computational cost, particularly in GWO conﬁgurations. Future work could explore
alternative chaotic maps or hybrid approaches to further reduce execution times
while preserving optimization performance. Additionally, integrating adaptive
mechanisms to dynamically adjust chaotic parameters during the search process
could improve both performance and adaptability.
In conclusion, the chaotic sine-based TDO metaheuristic demonstrated its
potential as a powerful and eﬃcient optimization technique. Its robust performance across diverse problem instances and metrics highlights its promise for
solving complex optimization problems in both theoretical and applied domains.
Extending its application to real-world domains, such as scheduling, resource
allocation, and feature selection, will provide a broader validation of the proposed methodology, opening new avenues for impactful research.

136

F. Cisternas-Caneo et al.

Acknowledgments. Felipe Cisternas-Caneo is supported by the National Agency
for Research and Development (ANID)/Scholarship Program/DOCTORADO
NACIONAL/2023-21230203. Jose Barrera-Garcı́a is supported by the National
Agency for Research and Development (ANID)/Scholarship Program/DOCTORADO
NACIONAL/ 2024-21242516.

References
1. Abdelrazek, M., Abd Elaziz, M., El-Baz, A.: CDMO: chaotic dwarf mongoose
optimization algorithm for feature selection. Sci. Rep. 14(1), 701 (2024)
2. Becerra-Rozas, M., et al.: Continuous metaheuristics for binary optimization problems: an updated systematic literature review. Mathematics 11(1), 129 (2022).
https://doi.org/10.3390/math11010129
3. Cisternas-Caneo, F., Crawford, B., Soto, R., Giachetti, G., Paz, Á., Peña Fritz,
A.: Chaotic binarization schemes for solving combinatorial optimization problems
using continuous metaheuristics. Mathematics 12(2), 262 (2024). https://doi.org/
10.3390/math12020262
4. Dai, J., hui Fu, L.: Research on the hybrid chaos-coud salp swarm algorithm.
Commun. Nonlinear Sci. Numer. Simul. 138, 108187 (2024). https://doi.org/10.
1016/j.cnsns.2024.108187
5. Dehghani, M., Hubálovský, , Trojovský, P.: Tasmanian devil optimization: a
new bio-inspired optimization algorithm for solving optimization algorithm. IEEE
Access 10, 19599–19620 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3151641
6. El-Hageen, H.M., et al.: Chaotic zebra optimization algorithm for increasing the
lifetime of wireless sensor network. J. Netw. Syst. Manage. 32(4), 85 (2024)
7. Gandomi, A., Yang, X.S., Talatahari, S., Alavi, A.: Fireﬂy algorithm with chaos.
Commun. Nonlinear Sci. Numer. Simul. 18(1), 89–98 (2013). https://doi.org/10.
1016/j.cnsns.2012.06.009
8. Jin, X., Wei, B., Deng, L., Yang, S., Zheng, J., Wang, F.: An adaptive pyramid
PSO for high-dimensional feature selection. Expert Syst. Appl. 257, 125084 (2024).
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2024.125084
9. Li, J., Xiao, K., Zhang, H., Hua, L., Gu, J.: Identiﬁcation of multiple-input and
single-output hammerstein controlled autoregressive moving average system based
on chaotic dynamic disturbance sand cat swarm optimization. Eng. Appl. Artif.
Intell. 133, 108188 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.engappai.2024.108188
10. Li, X.-D., Wang, J.-S., Hao, W.-K., Zhang, M., Wang, M.: Chaotic arithmetic
optimization algorithm. Appl. Intell. 1–40 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489021-03037-3
11. Naanaa, A.: Fast chaotic optimization algorithm based on spatiotemporal maps
for global optimization. Appl. Math. Comput. 269, 402–411 (2015). https://doi.
org/10.1016/j.amc.2015.07.111
12. Peeta, S., Salman, F.S., Gunnec, D., Viswanath, K.: Pre-disaster investment decisions for strengthening a highway network. Comput. Oper. Res. 37(10), 1708–1719
(2010)
13. Pisinger, D.: Instances of 0/1 knapsack problem (2005)

Chaotic Binarization of TDO for the Knapsack Problem

137

14. Varol Altay, E., Alatas, B.: Bird swarm algorithms with chaotic mapping. Artif.
Intell. Rev. 53(2), 1373–1414 (2020)
15. Wolpert, D., Macready, W.: No free lunch theorems for optimization. IEEE Trans.
Evol. Comput. 1(1), 67–82 (1997). https://doi.org/10.1109/4235.585893
16. Xiao, W.S., Li, G.X., Liu, C., Tan, L.P.: A novel chaotic and neighborhood searchbased artiﬁcial bee colony algorithm for solving optimization problems. Sci. Rep.
13(1), 20496 (2023)

Mother Tree Optimization Algorithm
for Feature Selection
Wael Korani1 and Malek Mouhoub2(B)
1

University of North Texas, Denton, TX, USA
Wael.Korani@unt.edu
2
University of Regina, Regina, SK, Canada
Malek.Mouhoub@uregina.ca

Abstract. Feature selection allows reducing the dimensionality of data
sets by selecting the most relevant features. This will lead to more interpretable models, in addition to reducing computational costs. In this
context, we introduce a new nature-inspired feature selection technique
based on a recently developed discrete optimization algorithm called the
Binary Mother Tree Optimization (BMTO) algorithm. We call BMTO
for Feature Selection (BMTO-FS) the new technique we propose. BMTOFS utilizes a binary converter module that converts real numbers into
binary numbers using a sigmoid function and a threshold value. BMO-FS
operates within our new feature selection framework that can be generalized to any other metaheuristic. To assess the performance of BMTOFS, we conducted extensive comparative experiments on several public
benchmark datasets corresponding to low, medium, and high dimensions. In these experiments, genetic algorithms (GA), particle swarm
optimization (PSO), and the whale optimization algorithm (WOA) are
considered. The results are promising, as they show that BMTO-FS outperforms GAs, PSO, and WOA in terms of accuracy rates, number of
reduced features, and computational cost.

1

Introduction

Analyzing and organizing data in high-dimensional spaces often comes with an
exponential growth of the volume of the feature space, which leads to several
challenges that are referred to as the curse of dimensionality [2,12,30]. These
challenges include overﬁtting, increase in model complexity, sparcity, and interpretability of data, in addition to the related learning computational time and
space costs [5]. The curse of dimensionality is addressed through two types of
dimensionality reduction technique: feature extraction and feature selection. In
feature extraction, the original features are combined and transformed into a
smaller number of features to discover more meaningful information. Feature
extraction techniques include Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA), Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF), Autoencoders, and Multidimensional Scaling (MDS) [26]. On the other hand, feature
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 138–149, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_10

MTO for Feature Selection

139

selection reduces the number of features by identifying and selecting the most
signiﬁcant [10].
Feature selection techniques are classiﬁed into ﬁlter-based, wrapper-based,
and embedded [10]. Filter-based techniques are based on statistical measures
and depend on diﬀerent characteristics of the training dataset such as relevancy,
dependency, consistency, and distance to evaluate the goodness of the selected
features [6]. Wrapper techniques use a machine learning model such as .K-Nearest
Neighbor (.KNN) or K-means to evaluate the goodness of the selected group
of features [6,9], which makes it computationally expensive. The latter usually
achieves higher accuracy than the former, as it directly evaluates the performance
of the selected characteristics using a classiﬁcation technique [11]. Finally, the
embedded methods such as the Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator
regression and those within decision trees apply feature selection during the
training process.
The current study focuses on the introduction of a new wrapper-based feature
selection method based on a recently developed nature-inspired technique called
the Binary Mother Tree Optimization (BMTO) algorithm [13].
Traditional feature selection approaches are based on the statistical significance concept to select the most signiﬁcant features. The main drawbacks of
traditional approaches are that they are unable to select the best features when
there are many statistically signiﬁcant features. However, the goal is to ﬁnd the
smallest subset of features that achieves the best accuracy. This is computationally challenging given that the total number of subsets is as follows:
number of subsets = 2Nf − 1,

.

(1)

where .Nf is the total number of features. Obviously, the search space is
increasing exponentially along with the number of features in the data set.
Finding the best group of features that achieve the best accuracy is a NP-hard
problem [11]. Thus, approximate methods, including metaheuristics, have been
introduced to ﬁnd the relatively best group of characteristics in a reasonable
time frame [3, 8,9,15, 17,18, 21,23, 31].
In [18], the authors proposed an improved feature selection method (IFS)
based on a modiﬁed multi-swarm particle swarm optimization (MSPSO) and a
support vector machine (SVM). IFS has been experimentally compared to standard PSO and Genetic Algorithms (GA) on ten low to medium size benchmark
datasets. The results show that IFS outperforms the two other methods. In [28],
the authors proposed a variant of the PSO-based feature selection approach. The
method was evaluated on ﬁve high-dimensional datasets, and the experimental
results show that the proposed methods outperformed the other three variants
of the PSO.
In [3], the authors proposed a binary GA for feature selection that was superior to other feature selection techniques. In [20], the authors introduced a hybrid
local search and the GA method to ﬁne-tune the search for the best subset of features. In [24], the Whale Optimization Algorithm (WOA) has been implemented
to select the best group of features. The proposed method has been compared

140

W. Korani and M. Mouhoub

to PSO and GA using a number of public datasets. The results show that WOA
outperforms PSO and GA. In [19], the authors introduced a hybrid algorithm
based on WOA and Simulated Annealing (SA). The proposed model was evaluated on low to medium size datasets and the results show the eﬀectiveness of
the proposed method.
In [9], a discrete version of the biogeography-based optimization (BBO) evolutionary technique is introduced to select the best subset of characteristics that
improve the performance of clustering algorithms, such as K-means, in terms of
metrics such as the Davies-Bouldin Index and Silhouette. To evaluate the performance of our proposed method, we conducted a set of comparative experiments.
The results demonstrate the superiority of our method over PSO.
The main motive in this study is to introduce a feature selection method
that achieves high accuracy in a reasonable time frame for any size of data set
and avoids the drawbacks of the exact and traditional methods. In addition, the
current study introduces a feature selection framework to evaluate any further
approximate method.

2

Mother Tree Optimization (MTO)

In [16], we proposed the MTO metaheuristic inspired by the symbiotic relationship between Douglas ﬁr trees and mycorrhizal fungi networks. MTO is based
on a ﬁxed-oﬀspring topology in which potential solutions (represented as agents)
update their positions in the search space according to the group to which they
belong. More precisely, the topology divides the agents into three main groups
as follows [14, 16].
2.1

Top Mother Tree (TMT)

The TMT searches in two stages: root and mycorrhizal stage. At the root level,
it moves with a step .δ in any random direction. The position of TMT is updated
as follows:
P1 (xk+1 ) = P1 (xk ) + δR(d), where R(d) = √

.

R
,
R·R

(2)

where .R is a random vector, .d is the size of the problem, and .δ is small
deviation. In the mycorrhizal stage, the position is updated as follows:
P1 (xk+1 ) = P1 (xk ) + ΔR(d).

.

(3)

where .Δ is a smaller deviation.
2.2

Partially Connected Trees (PCTs)

PCTs has two parts First-PCTs and Last-PCTs. First-PCTs has some
agents that are in the range [2: . N2T − 1]. The position of any member of this

MTO for Feature Selection

141

group is updated as follows:
n−1

Pn (xk+1 ) = Pn (xk ) +

.

1
(Pi (xk ) − Pn (xk )),
n
−
i+1
i=1

(4)

where .NT is total number of agents, .Pn (xk+1 ) and .Pn (xk ) are the updated and
current positions of an agent .n, and .Pi (xk ) is the current position of an agent .i.
Agents of Last-PCTs group are located between [. N2T + 3: .NT ], and the position
of a member of this group is updated as follows:
NT −Nos

Pn (xk+1 ) = Pn (xk ) +

.

i=n−Nos

2.3

1
(Pi (xk ) − Pn (xk )).
n−i+1

(5)

Fully Connected Trees (FCTs)

FCTs group has some agents between [. N2T : . N2T + 2], and agents’ positions are
updated as follows:
n−1

Pn (xk+1 ) = Pn (xk ) +

.

i=n−Nos

3

1
(Pi (xk ) − Pn (xk )).
n−i+1

(6)

Proposed Feature Selection Framework

Many feature selection techniques were proposed in the last couple of decades
that are based on SI and EAs algorithms to select the best group of features
in a reasonable time frame. In some cases, a proposed solution for a certain
problem with the same parameters values might produce diﬀerent solutions.
The main reason for this aforementioned behavior is how the proposed solution
is implemented. In this paper, we introduce a feature selection technique based
on a binary optimization algorithm along with a framework that can be used to
implement any meta-heuristic algorithm and achieves consistent results.
The proposed framework includes three independent modules: the optimizer,
binary converter, and K NN modules as shown in Fig. 1-a. The optimizer module
has a continuous optimization algorithm that might be SI or an EA method.
Continuous optimization algorithms deal with real numbers. In the framework,
the output of the optimizer is fed to a binary module to convert the real numbers
to a binary string that has the same length as the number of features. The
output of the binary converter module is represented by 0 and 1, where 1 means
a selected feature and zero means a non-selected feature. The accuracy of the
output features is computed using K NN classiﬁer, and the classiﬁcation error
will be assigned as the ﬁtness value of the associated agent.
The binary converter utilizes a threshold to limit the value of a real number
to a certain value called .thresh. The Sigmoid function
f (x) =

.

1
,
1 + exp(−x)

(7)

142

W. Korani and M. Mouhoub

is used then to convert all real numbers associated with all features to diﬀerent
real numbers between [0, 1]. Finally, to decide whether the feature will be selected
or not, a random number is generated between [0, 1]. Then, if the output of
the sigmoid function is greater than the generated number, then the feature
will be selected (the value is one). On the other hand, if the output of the
sigmoid function is less than the generated random number, the feature will not
be selected (the value is zero) as shown in Fig. 1-b. The vector of the selected
features is passed to the K NN classiﬁer to calculate the classiﬁcation error, and
then the classiﬁcation errors will return back to the optimizer as a ﬁtness value
for the associated agents.
The pseudocode of our proposed BMTO-FS is listed in Algorithm 1. The
core of our method is the BMTO that is a binary variant of MTO [13].

Algorithm 1. .The BMTO-FS algorithm
1: Inputs:
.t, .Pi , .d, .N , .KN N , .Binary
2: .t: The number of agents
3: .Pi : The position of an agent
4: .d: The size of the dataset
5: .N : The number of iterations
6: .KN N : K Nearest Neighbor classifier with cross validation
7: .Binary: A function to convert real number to binary number
8: Initialize:
.Distribute t agents uniformly over the search space (P1 , . . . , Pt )

9: Evaluate:
.[classification error]= KN N (Binary(P1 . . . Pt ))

10: .S = Sort(f itness(1) . . . f itness(t)), fitness represents classification errors
11: .The sorted positions with the same rank of S stored in array A = (P1 . . . Pt )
12: for .i = 1 to .N do
13:
.Use equations (2)–(6) to update the position of each agent in A
14:
.Evaluate the fitness (classification error) of the updated positions
15:
.Sort solutions in ascending order and store them in S
16:
.Update A
17: end for
18: .S = Sort(S1 . . . ST )
19: .Best Classif ication error = M in(S)
20: Output:
.Selected Features, Classification error

4

Experimentation

4.1

Parameter Settings

Extensive experiments are conducted to evaluate the performance of our proposed BMTO-FS method and compare the results with the binary version of

MTO for Feature Selection

143

Binary Converter

Feature Selection Framework BMTO-FS

Binary optimizer
Swarm Intelligence
Algorithms

PSO

GA

MTO

WOA

KNN Module
Objective Function

Binary Converter

(a) Feature Selection framework

(b) Binary Module

Fig. 1. Binary converter module and feature selection framework.

three other nature-inspired techniques: Genetic algorithm (GA), Particle Swarm
Optimization (PSO), and Whale Optimization Algorithm (WOA). These binary
variants are respectively called Binary PSO-FS (BPSO-FS), Binary WOA-FS
(BWOA-FS), and Binary GA-FS (BGA-FS). The K NN classiﬁer is used, and
the number of neighbors (.k) is set to ﬁve. In addition, a 10-fold cross validation
(CV) is implemented to avoid the bias in the results [7]. In the 10-fold CV, the
datasets are split into ten equal folds, where the model is developed using nine
folds for training, and the last fold for testing. These steps are repeated ten times
with shuﬄing the testing fold every time. All techniques are evaluated using nine
public benchmark datasets that are collected from the UCI repository, the scikitfeature project, and the gems-system.org project. The datasets are categorized
based on the number of features (low, medium, and high), ranging from 18 to
10,367 as shown in Table 1. The high dimension datasets are gene expression,
and are known with their limited number of samples. The main reason of choosing these datasets is that they were used before to evaluate the performance of
diﬀerent feature selection techniques, including a variant of PSO [29], diﬀerent
variants of Harris Hawks Optimization [25], and a variant of GAs [27].
BMTO-FS, BPSO-FS, BWOA-FS, and BGA-FS are implemented using the
binary optimizer. The binary optimizer consists of the binary converter and
the optimizer. All the four algorithms are coded in MATLAB R2022a and are
performed on a MacBook Pro with Apple M1 Max and 32 GB memory. The
number of iterations is set to 50, the population size (number of candidate solutions, agents or particles) is set to 20, and the number of Fitness Evaluations
(FEs) is set to 1000. All algorithms are run 30 times for each dataset with different seed values to avoid bias. All the parameters, speciﬁc to each algorithm
and listed in Table 2, are tuned to their best.

144

W. Korani and M. Mouhoub
Table 1. The datasets
Dataset

Nb. of
Features

Nb. of
Samples

Dimension

lymphography

18

148

Low

Vehicle Silhouettes 18

946

Low

HCV Egypt

29

1385

Medium

ionosphere

34

351

Medium

Connectionist Bench 60

208

Medium

TOX_171

5748

171

High

Brain Tumor 1

5920

90

High

ALLAMAL

7129

72

High

Brain Tumor 2

10367

50

High

Table 2. Parameter settings for PSO, MTO, GA, WOA
PSO parameters
.c1

.c1 .w

2

2 0.9–0.6

MTO parameters
.φ

.δ

0.8

2.5 2.5

.Δ

GA parameters
Crossover Rate (CR) Mutation Rate (MR)
0.8

0.3

WOA parameters
A
[0,2]

Given that our main objective is to reduce the number of features while
increasing accuracy, we deﬁne a ﬁtness function considering both the average
accuracy and the number of selected features. The average accuracy is calculated
as follows.
F itness = αγ(R) + β

.

|F |
,
|N |

(8)

where .γ(R) refers to the classiﬁcation error rate and is computed .γ(R) = (1 −
average accuracy), .|F | refers to the best group of features, and .|N | refers to the
total number of features, .α ∈ [0, 1], and .β = (1 − α). In the current experiment,
.α is set to 0.99 and .β is set to 0.01 as recommended [25].

MTO for Feature Selection
Lymphography

100

Vehicle Silhouettes

80
MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

95

MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

78

76

74
90

Accuracy

Accuracy

72

85

70

68
80
66
64
75
62
70

60
0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

Iterations

Iterations

(a) Lymphography

(b) Vehicle Silhouettes
Ionosphere

100

MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

HCV Egypt

35

MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

34

95

33
90

Accuracy

32

Accuracy

31
30
29

85

80

28
27

75

26
70

25
0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

0

50

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

Iterations

Iterations

(c) HCV Egypt

(d) Ionosphere

Fig. 2. Accuracy results.
Connectionist Bench

100

TOX 171

100
MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

98

MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

95

96
90
94
85

Accuracy

Accuracy

92
90
88

80

75

86
70
84
65

82
80

60
0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Iterations

Iterations

(a) Connectionist Bench

(b) TOX 171

Brain Tumor 1

100

96

94

94

92

92

Accuracy

Accuracy

MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

98

96

90

90

88

88

86

86

84

84

82

50

ALLAML

100
MTO
PSO
WOA
GA

98

45

82

80

80
0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Iterations

Iterations

(c) Brain Tumor 1

(d) ALLAMAL

Fig. 3. Accuracy results of the best run.

45

50

145

146

W. Korani and M. Mouhoub

Table 3. Comparison between four feature selection techniques based on accuracy,
ﬁtness value, and the number of selected feature.
Dataset

size

Method

For all runs
Best run
Best Acc.% (Avg.%) Acc. Ave. SF Fitness time (sec)

lymphography

Low

BPSO-FS 88.619
BWOA-FS 87.9048
BGA-FS 87.9048
BMTO-FS 89.7143

87.3000
85.7810
86.6127
87.420

10.2667 0.1314 37.239
10.9667 0.1468 52.5772
9.600
0.13786 52.5772
9.1667 0.1296 67.1744

Vehicle Silhouettes

Low

BPSO-FS 73.5294
BWOA-FS 73.5294
BGA-FS 73.6345
BMTO-FS 74.2409

72.9015
72.4666
72.8591
73.3643

9.9667 0.2738
10.8333 0.2785
10.4667 0.2766
10.20
0.2694

HCV Egypt

Medium BPSO-FS 30.2695
BWOA-FS 30.4854
BGA-FS 30.1361
BMTO-FS 30.5641

29.3535
29.0487
29.3522
29.0296

13.2000 0.70395 44.0213
17.5667 0.70846 43.5514
12.7333 0.7038 71.9074
14
0.7074 74.204

Ionosphere

Medium BPSO-FS 91.1825
BWOA-FS 89.1825
BGA-FS 90.8968
BMTO-FS 92.881

90.188
87.9442
89.8698
90.44

10.133 0.1001
17.1000 0.1243
9.9333 0.1031
12.166 0.0982

36.8927
32.3498
57.3849
65.8344

Connectionist Bench Medium BPSO-FS 89.00
BWOA-FS 88.500
BGA-FS 88.4762
BMTO-FS 89.9524

87.844
86.4294
87.4183
88.1754

29.93
0.1253
36.8333 0.1404
28.9667 0.1294
30.30
0.1221

36.6765
36.0489
58.2354
65.0028

TOX 171

High

BPSO-FS 80.7843
BWOA-FS 78.4314
BGA-FS 80.6863
BMTO-FS 83.0065

78.3802
76.3889
78.2440
79.4706

2868.5
3671.3
2855.6
3045.5

0.2190
0.2402
0.2204
0.2085

69.2609
66.4651
105.2586
174.1895

Brain Tumor 1

High

BPSO-FS 88.89
BWOA-FS 87.7778
BGA-FS 88.89
BMTO-FS 88.89

87.5926
86.9630
87.7037
87.7407

2952.2
3811.0
2965.3
3228.8

0.1278
0.1355
0.1267
0.1268

59.2131
56.2267
98.2601
121.6164

ALLAMAL

High

BPSO-FS 90.7143
BWOA-FS 89.2857
BGA-FS 90.3571
BMTO-FS 90.5357

88.7976
88.0595
88.7143
89.0476

3556.8
4569.7
3558.3
3596.4

0.1158
0.1246
01167
0.1135

55.8342
59.9533
90.6517
112.25

Brain Tumor 2

High

BPSO-FS 86.00
BWOA-FS 88.00
BGA-FS 86.00
BMTO-FS 88.00

84.4667
84.200
84.4000
84.8667

5164.5
5002.0
6551.2
5054.5

0.1588
0.1611
0.1594
0.1547

60.6037
52.3306
90.4260
113.508

41.5184
37.7732
59.1818
73.7873

MTO for Feature Selection

4.2

147

Results and Discussion

The four methods are evaluated in terms of the accuracy of the best run, the
average accuracy, the average selected features, the ﬁtness value, and the average
running time using the aforementioned datasets. The results are listed in Table 3.
The results show that BMTO-FS outperforms the other three algorithms in
eight out of nine datasets, in terms of the best accuracy and average accuracy,
followed by BPSO-FS in one dataset in terms of the best accuracy and average
accuracy. In addition, BMTO-FS has the best balance between exploration and
exploitation search strategies to reach better solutions in eight cases. In addition,
using TMT to update some agents in the population (as described in Sect. 2)
increases the exploration capability of the algorithm.
In terms of the number of selected features, BGA-FS outperforms in four out
of nine, followed by BPSO-FS in three datasets, BWOA-FS in one dataset, and
BMTO-FS in one dataset. Although the number of selected features is low in
some cases for some algorithms, the average accuracy is also decreased. Thus, the
ﬁtness value is utilized as an indicator to combine the average accuracy and the
number of selected features as shown in Eq. 8. The results show that BMTO-FS
outperforms the other three algorithms in terms of the ﬁtness value in seven of
nine datasets, followed by BPSO-FS in one dataset and BGA-FS in one dataset.
Overall, the results of BMTO-FS are very promising and show its capability
to handle diﬀerent data sets with diﬀerent sizes. BMTO-FS achieves the best
accuracy in most cases, while the number of features is reduced to almost half
in the case of high-dimensional datasets. In fact, the selected number of features
is decreased by 47. 0% in the TOX 171 dataset, by 45. 45% in the Brain Tumor
1 dataset, by 49. 55% in the ALLAMAL dataset and by 51. 2% in the Brain
Tumor 2 dataset. The accuracy improvement during the course of the best run
is recorded as shown in Fig. 2 and Fig. 3. The proposed BMTO-FS algorithm is
faster than the other three algorithms, where it achieves fewer errors in fewer
iterations. In Fig. 2-a to Fig. 2-d, BMTO-FS achieves higher accuracy than the
other three algorithms in almost 25–30 iterations. In addition, Fig. 3-a, Fig. 3-b,
and Fig. 3-d show that BMTO-FS achieves higher accuracy in a short time. In
conclusion, the results show that BMTO-FS has the ability to achieve higher
accuracy in fewer iterations (with a short period of time) even if the number of
features increases to 10,367.

5

Conclusion and Future Work

MTO is a continuous optimization algorithm that mimics the symbiotic relationship between Douglas ﬁr trees and the network of mycorrhizal fungi. In
this paper, a novel variant of MTO called BMTO-FS and a framework are proposed. The proposed feature selection framework makes the implementation of
any binary optimization method much easier. BMTO-FS is proposed to select
the best group of features in a data set to enhance accuracy and decrease computation requirements. In order to evaluate the eﬀectiveness and eﬃciency of

148

W. Korani and M. Mouhoub

BMTO-FS to tackle diﬀerent sizes of problems. Extensive experiments are conducted using nine public benchmark datasets of diﬀerent sizes. The results show
that BMTO-FS has the ability to achieve higher accuracy in a few iterations.
In addition, we compare our results to three other feature selection techniques,
BPSO-FS, BWOA-FS, and BGA-FS. The results show that BMTO outperforms
other methods in terms of best accuracy, average accuracy, and ﬁtness values. In
addition, the results indicate that BMTO is well suited for a high-dimensional
data set and a large data set. BMTO-FS is currently being evaluated in other
gene expression datasets. We are also considering other metaheuristics [1, 4,22]
as well as a new hybrid feature selection technique using BMTO-FS and the
coloration matrix.

References
1. Abbasian, R., Mouhoub, M.: A new parallel GA-based method for constraint satisfaction problems. Int. J. Comput. Intell. Appl. 15(03), 1650017 (2016)
2. Anowar, F., Sadaoui, S., Selim, B.: Conceptual and empirical comparison of dimensionality reduction algorithms (PCA, KPCA, LDA, MDS, SVD, LLE, ISOMAP,
LE, ICA, t-SNE). Comput. Sci. Rev. 40, 100378 (2021)
3. Babatunde, O.H., Armstrong, L., Leng, J., Diepeveen, D.: A genetic algorithmbased feature selection (2014)
4. Bidar, M., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Discrete ﬁreﬂy algorithm: a new metaheuristic approach for solving constraint satisfaction problems. In: 2018 IEEE Congress
on Evolutionary Computation (CEC), pp. 1–8 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/
CEC.2018.8477823
5. Bolón-Canedo, V., Sánchez-Maroño, N., Alonso-Betanzos, A.: Feature selection for
high-dimensional data. Springer (2015)
6. Dash, M., Liu, H.: Feature selection for classiﬁcation. Intell. Data Anal. 1(1–4),
131–156 (1997)
7. Fushiki, T.: Estimation of prediction error by using k-fold cross-validation. Stat.
Comput. 21, 137–146 (2011)
8. Gholami, M., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Biogeography-based optimization for feature selection. In: Franklin, M., Chun, S.A. (eds.) Proceedings of the Thirty-Sixth
International Florida Artiﬁcial Intelligence Research Society Conference, FLAIRS
2023, Clearwater Beach, FL, USA, 14–17 May 2023. AAAI Press (2023). https://
doi.org/10.32473/FLAIRS.36.133230
9. Gholami, M., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Feature selection using evolutionary techniques. In: IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics,
SMC 2023, Honolulu, Oahu, HI, USA, 1–4 October 2023, pp. 1162–1167. IEEE
(2023). https://doi.org/10.1109/SMC53992.2023.10394281
10. Hu, L., Gao, W., Zhao, K., Zhang, P., Wang, F.: Feature selection considering two
types of feature relevancy and feature interdependency. Expert Syst. Appl. 93,
423–434 (2018)
11. Kohavi, R., John, G.: Wrappers for feature subset selection, artiﬁcial intelligence,
vol. 97, no. 1-2 (1997)
12. Köppen, M.: The curse of dimensionality. In: 5th Online World Conference on Soft
Computing in Industrial Applications (WSC5), vol. 1, pp. 4–8 (2000)

MTO for Feature Selection

149

13. Korani, W.: Binary mother tree optimization algorithm for 0/1 knapsack problem. In: International Conference on Neural Information Processing, pp. 201–213.
Springer (2023)
14. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Quantum control for error correction using mother tee
optimization. In: Rocha, A.P., Steels, L., van den Herik, H.J. (eds.) Proceedings of
the 13th International Conference on Agents and Artiﬁcial Intelligence, ICAART
2021, Volume 2, Online Streaming, 4–6 February 2021, pp. 554–561. SCITEPRESS
(2021). https://doi.org/10.5220/0010194905540561
15. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Review on nature-inspired algorithms. In: Operations
Research Forum, vol. 2, pp. 1–26. Springer (2021)
16. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M., Spiteri, R.J.: Mother tree optimization. In: 2019 IEEE
International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 2206–2213.
IEEE (2019)
17. Li, X., Yin., M.: Multiobjective binary biogeography based optimization for feature
selection using gene expression data. IEEE Trans. Nanobiosci. 12 (2013)
18. Liu, Y., Wang, G., Chen, H., Dong, H., Zhu, X., Wang, S.: An improved particle
swarm optimization for feature selection. J. Bionic Eng. 8(2), 191–200 (2011)
19. Mafarja, M.M., Mirjalili, S.: Hybrid whale optimization algorithm with simulated
annealing for feature selection. Neurocomputing 260, 302–312 (2017)
20. Oh, I.S., Lee, J.S., Moon, B.R.: Hybrid genetic algorithms for feature selection.
IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 26(11), 1424–1437 (2004)
21. Wang, P., Xue, B., Liang, J., Zhang, M.: Diﬀerential evolution with duplication
analysis for feature selection in classiﬁcation. IEEE Trans. Cybern. 53, 6676–6689
(2023)
22. Sadreddin, A., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Portfolio selection for sat instances. In:
2022 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC),
pp. 2962–2967 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/SMC53654.2022.9945151
23. Yazdani, S., Shanbehzadeh, J., Aminian, E.: Feature subset selection using constrained binary/integer biogeography-based optimization, vol. 5, pp. 383–390. Elsevier (2013)
24. Sharawi, M., Zawbaa, H.M., Emary, E.: Feature selection approach based on whale
optimization algorithm. In: 2017 Ninth International Conference on Advanced
Computational Intelligence (ICACI), pp. 163–168. IEEE (2017)
25. Sihwail, R., Omar, K., Ariﬃn, K.A.Z., Tubishat, M.: Improved harris hawks optimization using elite opposition-based learning and novel search mechanism for
feature selection. IEEE Access 8, 121127–121145 (2020)
26. Tang, J., Alelyani, S., Liu, H.: Feature selection for classiﬁcation: a review. Data
Classiﬁcation: Algorithms and Applications, p. 37 (2014)
27. Too, J., Abdullah, A.R.: A new and fast rival genetic algorithm for feature selection.
J. Supercomput. 77, 2844–2874 (2021)
28. Tran, B., Xue, B., Zhang, M.: Improved PSO for feature selection on highdimensional datasets. In: Dick, G., et al. (eds.) SEAL 2014. LNCS, vol. 8886, pp.
503–515. Springer, Cham (2014). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-13563-2_43
29. Tran, B., Xue, B., Zhang, M.: Variable-length particle swarm optimization for
feature selection on high-dimensional classiﬁcation. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput.
23(3), 473–487 (2018)
30. Verleysen, M., François, D.: The curse of dimensionality in data mining and time
series prediction. In: International Work-Conference on Artiﬁcial Neural Networks,
pp. 758–770. Springer (2005)
31. Li, X., Ma, H., Wang, X.: Feature proposal model on multidimensional data clustering and its application. Pattern Recognit. Lett. 112, 41–48 (2018)

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm
for Solving High-Dimensional
Many-Objective Flexible Job Shop
Scheduling Problem
Jianshang Wang, Ying Tan, and Chaoli Sun(B)
Taiyuan University of Science and Technology, Taiyuan 030024, China
s202220110880@stu.tyust.edu.cn, {tanying,chaoli.sun}@tyust.edu.cn

Abstract. The ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem is a complex NPhard challenge critical to modern manufacturing systems, but existing
research predominantly focuses on low-dimensional optimization, practical scenarios often require balancing high-dimensional conﬂicting objectives such as energy consumption, machine load, tardiness, and completion time. Current -objective algorithms struggle to maintain convergence and diversity in such high-dimensional spaces, leading to suboptimal Pareto fronts. To address this problem, we propose an improved
NSGA-III (WDHS-NSGA-III) integrating a reference vector-guided subpopulation partitioning mechanism and a density-aware hybrid search
strategy. The algorithm divides populations into subspaces using reference vectors to enable adaptive cross-subpopulation exploration, then
applies localized neighborhood searches with ﬁve operators to prioritize
under-explored regions. Experiments on benchmark instances demonstrate that WDHS-NSGA-III signiﬁcantly outperforms commonly used
methods, achieving balanced optimization across most objectives. The
results validate its robustness in resolving high-dimensional tradeoﬀs,
oﬀering a valid solution for smart manufacturing scheduling.
Keywords: Many-objective optimization · Flexible job shop
scheduling · Reference point · Subpopulation division · neighborhood
search · Density perception

1

Introduction

Flexible job shop scheduling problem (FJSP) is a critical aspect of modern manufacturing systems, particularly in the context of Industry 5.0, where the integration of advanced technologies and adaptive processes is essential for optimizing
production eﬃciency [1]. The concept revolves around the ability to allocate
resources and schedule tasks in response to varying demands and operational
conditions.
Traditional ﬂexible job shop scheduling has predominantly focused on
temporal-centric objectives such as makespan or total ﬂow time. However, such
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 150–163, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_11

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

151

single-objective optimization frameworks fail to address the growing demands
for sustainable manufacturing [2], particularly under the dual pressures of carbon neutrality policies and energy-intensive production processes. Furthermore,
as optimization models evolve to incorporate multi-objective criteria spanning
energy eﬃciency, carbon emissions, and resource utilization–the search space
dimensionality escalates exponentially. This poses signiﬁcant challenges to classical metaheuristic algorithms, which exhibit degraded convergence properties
and premature stagnation in high-dimensional Pareto frontiers. Therefore, combining energy consumption considerations with high-dimensional optimization
has become a crucial research frontier.
FJSP has attracted extensive research attention due to its multi-objective
optimization challenges. Sang et al. [3] proposed an improved NSGA-III algorithm for many-objective FJSP, enhancing scheduling eﬃciency and solution
quality. Gong et al. [4] developed a non-dominated ensemble ﬁtness ranking
algorithm incorporating worker ﬂexibility and green factors to optimize energy
consumption and scheduling performance. Duan and Wang [5] addressed energyeﬃcient scheduling in FJSP with machine breakdowns by optimizing idle time
arrangements and speed-level adjustments. Wen et al. [6] designed a two-stage
NSGA-II-based method for green integrated process planning and scheduling in
battery packaging workshops, reducing energy consumption and improving eﬃciency. Sun et al. [7] introduced a hybrid genetic algorithm with variable neighborhood search to minimize makespan and balance machine loads. Wang et al.
[8] improved the MOEA/D algorithm for low-carbon FJSP, emphasizing solution
convergence and diversity. Li et al. [9] enhanced NSGA-II for job shop scheduling
with overtime considerations to reduce delays and overtime costs. Pan et al. [10]
proposed a learning-based multi-population evolutionary optimization, incorporating a reinforcement learning-based mating selection and designing a local
search based on problem properties. Chen et al. [11] proposed a decompositionbased multi-objective evolutionary algorithm to balance eﬃciency and eﬀectiveness. Zhuang et al. [12] designed a genetic algorithm with adaptive mutation to
improve robustness and adaptability.
The above algorithms frequently encounter signiﬁcant limitations. A primary issue is their ineﬃcient exploration of the solution space, particularly in
high-dimensional objective spaces. Traditional multi-objective optimization algorithms often struggle to maintain a balance between convergence and diversity.
These limitations highlight the need for more advanced and adaptive algorithms
to address the challenges of many objective-ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem
(MO-FJSP).
To overcome the above problems, we propose wide-area crossover and densityguided hybrid search-based NSGA-III (WDHS-NSGA-III) speciﬁcally designed
for four-objective ﬂexible job shop scheduling problems. The main work of this
paper includes:
– Propose a strategy of wide-area crossover that enhances diversity by subpopulation partitioning based on reference points. After partitioning the popu-

152

J. Wang et al.

lation into subpopulations, parents are selected for crossover using a roulette
wheel selection method in each subpopulation.
– Deploy ﬁve neighborhood search strategies speciﬁcally on non-dominated
solutions within localized reinforcement based on density perception, enhancing solution diversity and local optima avoidance.
– WDHS-NSGA-III is evaluated at diﬀerent scale FJSP instances. Furthermore,
experimental results show an excellent performance in solving a complex
scheduling model.

2

Problem Description

2.1

A Subsection Sample

FJSP involves assigning n jobs J = {J1 , J2 , J3 ..., Jn } to m machines M =
{M1 , M2 , M3 , · · · , Mm }, where each job Ji comprises a predeﬁned sequence of
hi operations Oi = {Oi1 , Oi2 , ..., Oihi }. Each operation Oij (the j-th operation
of job Ji ) must be processed on one machine selected from its available machine
set Mk ⊆ M .FJSP includes two sub-problems: machine selection and operation processing order. Modern manufacturing systems have to simultaneously
satisfy multiple objectives such as high eﬃciency, low energy consumption, and
on-time delivery, so this paper considers a comprehensive model that includes
four objectives: maximum completion time, total machine energy consumption,
total machine load, and total delay. These four aspects from the production eﬃciency, energy use, equipment use and delivery on time together to evaluate the
scheduling program, the speciﬁc objective function is calculated as follows:
1. Minimize the Maximum Completion Time:
min f1 = max Cijk ,

(1)

where parameters Cijk represents the completion time of machine Mk .
2. Minimize Total Energy Consumption:
m

min f2 =
k=1 Oij ∈Sk

Pkpro · tijk + Pkidle · tidle
k ,

(2)

where Sk is the set of operations assigned to machine Mk , Pkpro is the processing power of machine Mk when executing operation Oij , parameter tijk is
the processing time of operation Oij on machine Mk , Pkidle is the idle power
is the total idle time of machine
consumption rate of the machine Mk , tidle
k
Mk .
3. Minimize Total Machine Load:
m

n

hi

xijk · tijk ,

min f3 =
k=1 i=1 j=1

(3)

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

153

where xijk represents a binary decision variable indicating whether operation
Oij is processed on machine Mk , if operation Oij is assigned to machine Mk ,
then xijk is 1 and 0 otherwise, tijk is processing time of operation Oij on
machine Mk .
4. Minimize Total Tardiness:
n

max (0, Ci − di ) ,

min f4 =

(4)

i=1

where Ci represents the completion time of job Ji , di is the delivery time of
job Ji , n is the total number of jobs.
Constraints:
– All machines and jobs are available at time 0 and are assumed to be continuously available.
– etup times of machines and transportation times between operations are negligible.
– A machine can only perform one operation at a time.
– There are no priority constraints between operations of diﬀerent jobs, and
the operation sequence of each job cannot be changed.
– All machines are failure-free during the scheduling period (no breakdown or
maintenance).
– Once an operation starts, it must run to completion.
– No operation of a job can be started before the completion of its preceding
operation.

3

Proposed Algorithm

NSGA-III is a widely recognized as a multi-objective optimization algorithm
[13]. Based on NSGA-III, we propose WDHS-NSGA-III to address the challenges of many-objective ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem by integrating a
hybrid neighborhood search mechanism with a reference vector-guided subpopulation collaboration framework. The WDHS-NSGA-III algorithm’s ﬂowchart
is illustrated in Fig. 1, which provides a visual representation of its steps and
processes. First, a hybrid initialization strategy is used to generate the initial
population, after which the population is divided into multiple sub-populations
by uniformly distributed reference points. During the evolutionary process, the
parents are selected from diﬀerent sub-populations based on a roulette strategy, and the geometrically diverse crossover and mutation are used to generate
oﬀspring Q. Meanwhile, multi-neighborhood strategies are triggered to generate
oﬀspring M for the non-dominated solutions in the low-density sub-populations.
Subsequently, the original population P, oﬀspring Q and M are merged, and individuals are screened by the reference-point association mechanism: Individuals
are ﬁrst assigned to the subpopulation corresponding to the nearest reference

154

J. Wang et al.

point based on the target normalized projection, and then elite retention is
performed by combining the small habitat count and the crowding distance to
ensure an even distribution of the Pareto frontiers. The above process is executed
cyclically, and the ﬁnal output is the solution set.

Fig. 1. The ﬂowchart of WDHS-NSGA-III.

3.1

Encoding and Decoding

The encoding framework is structured into two distinct segments: the Machine
Selection (MS), which allocates speciﬁc machine to each job, and Operation

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

155

Sequence (OS), which governs the chronological execution of all manufacturing
tasks. An example of dual-segment encoding strategy is depicted in Fig. 2. The
ﬁrst segment assigns machines Mk to each operation in the OS. Each element in
the MS corresponds to the machine selected for the respective operation in the
OS. For instance, the sequence {M1 , M3 , M2 , M5 , M4 , M2 } represents O11 to M1 ,
O12 to M3 and so on, maintaining a strict one-to-one mapping between operations and machines. The second segment encodes the processing order using job
indices Ji (i ∈ 1, 2, 3, 4), arranged left-to-right. The j-th occurrence of Ji denotes
the j-th operation of job Ji .For example, the sequence {J2 , J3 , J1 , J2 , J4 , J3 } represents {O21 , O31 , O11 , O22 , O41 , O32 }, where Oij is the j-th operation of Ji . The
decoding process mainly involves converting chromosomes into feasible scheduling plans. During the decoding process, each operation is arranged from left to
right. Through machine selection encoding, the machines selected for all operations can be determined, while the operation sequencing encoding is responsible
for sorting each operation on each machine to ensure that each operation can be
processed on the corresponding machine.

Fig. 2. Example of dual-segment encoding.

3.2

Hybrid Initialization Strategy

The quality of the initial solution exerts a substantial inﬂuence on the algorithm’s performance. Superior initial solutions can expedite the convergence of
the algorithm, whereas inferior ones may result in slow convergence. In this
study, for the initialization of the machine selection chromosome, we employ the
GLR method [14], which contains global selection (GS), local selection (LS),
and random selection (RS). For the initialization of the operation ordering chromosome, we introduce two initialization methods for the operation sequence
chromosome: a greedy initialization and a random initialization. The greedy
initialization assigns higher priority to jobs with earlier delivery time (EDT),
while the random initialization introduces diversity by randomly arranging the
sequence.

156

3.3

J. Wang et al.

Evolutionary Operators

The proposed algorithm employs specialized crossover operators for machine
selection (MS) and operation sequence (OS) chromosomes to balance solution
feasibility and population diversity. For the MS, the Multi-Point Crossover
(MPX) [15] mechanism utilizes a binary masking strategy. A randomly generated binary mask of equal length to the chromosome determines the exchange
positions between parent solutions, where values of 1 indicate machine assignments to be swapped. Oﬀspring inherit machine assignments from alternating
parents based on the mask’s binary values, ensuring compatibility constraints
are preserved while generating novel machine conﬁgurations. This structured
exchange prevents infeasible solutions by maintaining valid machine-operation
mappings during crossover.
For the OS, the improved precedence operation crossover (IPOX) [7] preserves partial sequence integrity while introducing diversity. A contiguous segment of operations is randomly selected from one parent and inserted into
the counterpart parent’s chromosome, with duplicate operations in non-selected
positions removed to maintain feasibility. This approach retains critical subsequences that may represent eﬃcient local schedules while enabling global exploration through segment insertion. The IPOX mechanism inherently respects
precedence constraints by preserving the original order of non-selected operations, thereby avoiding invalid permutations.
To maintain evolutionary diversity while preserving solution feasibility, distinct mutation strategies are designed for machine selection and operation
sequencing chromosomes.
For the MS, the random machine selection mutation operates by stochastically selecting a gene locus and replacing its current machine with an alternative
from the feasible machine set capable of processing the associated operation.
For the OS, the Reverse Sequence Mutation enhances schedule diversity
through structural inversion. A contiguous subsequence bounded by two randomly selected indices undergoes order reversal, eﬀectively permuting operation priorities while maintaining adjacency relationships. This topological transformation facilitates exploration of alternative scheduling permutations within
feasible precedence constraints, as the inversion preserves the integrity of nonadjacent operation dependencies.
3.4

Subpopulation Division and Wide-Area Crossover

The wide-area crossover mechanism proposed in this study aims to enhance the
exchange of information between diﬀerent search areas and expand the search
range by selecting parents for crossover across subpopulations. Speciﬁcally, after
normalizing the objective values, each solution is assigned to the subpopulation
corresponding to the reference vector that yields the maximum cosine similarity
with the normalized objective vector, the reference vector is the direction from
the origin to the reference point. Subsequently, a directional crossover strategy

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

157

is implemented where parent pairs are exclusively selected from distinct subpopulations using roulette wheel selection. The process is as follows: To ensure
diversity across the Pareto front, reference vectors are uniformly generated in
the objective space using the uniform point generation method. In the objective space, each coordinate axis is uniformly divided into p segments, yielding
W(M,p) reference points. The number of reference points is determined by the
Eq. (5):
(M + p − 1)!
M +p−1
.
=
(5)
W (M, p) =
p
p! · (M − 1)!
Normalization of Objective Values: For each individual x, its objective vector
f (x) = [f1 (x), . . . , fM (x)] is determined by Eq. (6), Zmin is determined by the
minimum values of each objective across all individuals in the population:
fi (x) =

fi (x) − zimin
ai − zimin

(i = 1, 2, . . . , M ),

(6)

where ai is the intercept of the hyperplane for the i-th objective,f (x) is the
normalized objective vector,each individual x is assigned to the subpopulation
associated with the reference vector Vj that maximizes the cosine similarity:
S(x) = arg max

1≤j≤W

f (x) · Vj
f (x)
Vj

.

(7)

As shown in Fig. 3, each individual (x1 , x2 , x3 ) is associated with reference vectors by calculating the angular θ between its objective vector and each reference
vector. Speciﬁcally, an individual is assigned to the subspace governed by the
reference vector with (x1 aligns with V2 , x2 aligns with V3 , x3 aligns with V4 ).
Following subpopulation assignment based on reference vectors, a randomized pairing mechanism is employed to enhance diversity: two distinct nonempty
subpopulations are randomly selected for each crossover operation. Within each
chosen subpopulation, parents are selected for reproduction through roulette
wheel selection based on normalized objective values. This process iterates until
the oﬀspring population reaches the predeﬁned size, ensuring balanced exploration across subpopulations while promoting genetic mixing between diverse
regions of the objective space. After crossover, oﬀspring undergo mutation operations with predeﬁned probabilities: single-point mutation for the Machine Selection (MS) replaces a randomly selected machine assignment with an alternative
from its feasible set, while reverse-sequence mutation for the Operation Sequence
(OS) inverts the order of a contiguous subsequence of ﬁxed length.

158

J. Wang et al.

Fig. 3. Subpopulation division.

3.5

Local Reinforcement Based on Density Perception

To address under-explored regions, the proposed algorithm prioritizes neighborhood search in low-density areas. These subregions are identiﬁed by comparing subpopulation sizes against the average population density. Speciﬁcally,
subpopulations with sizes below the average density threshold are ﬂagged as
low-density, indicating sparse solution coverage in their corresponding objective
space regions.
To identify low-density subregions, the density of each subpopulation is measured by its size. Let Nsub denote the total number of subpopulations and |Pk |
denote the size of subpopulation Pk . The average density ρ̄ is computed as Eq.
(8):
ρ̄ =

1
Nsub

Nsub

|Pk |.

(8)

k=1

A subpopulation Pk is classiﬁed as low-density if |Pk | < ρ̄. These subpopulations
are prioritized for neighborhood search to enhance exploration in under-sampled
regions of the Pareto front. The neighborhood search strategies are subsequently
applied to non-dominated solutions in these low-density subgroups.
As shown in Fig. 4, this diagram illustrates the identiﬁcation of nondominated solutions in low-density subregions for neighborhood search. The red
dashed circles highlight the low-density areas, and the red dots denote nondominated solutions in the subregions. These non-dominated solutions in low-density
regions are prioritized for neighborhood search operations to enhance exploration in under-sampled regions of the Pareto Front. The neighborhood search
strategies in this paper consists of ﬁve heuristics. These heuristic search methods
can be combined into six search strategies, the execution of the cases is chosen
randomly.
For MS:

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

159

Fig. 4. Neighborhood search in Low-density area.

– Change the machine selection to the machine with the shortest processing
time among the available machines.
– Change the machine selection to the machine with the lowest processing power
among the available machines.
– Move the operation from the machine with the highest workload to the
machine with the lowest workload.
For OS:
– Place the operation with the earlier delivery time in front.
– Randomly swap the positions of two operations from diﬀerent job IDs.

4

Experiments

To demonstrate the validity of WDHS-NSGA-III, we used the Brandimarte
dataset with varying numbers of jobs and machines. These instances are designed
to represent diﬀerent levels of complexity in the job shop scheduling problem.
We compared the performance of WDHS-NSGA-III with the NSGA-III [13],
MOEA/D [16], RVEA [17] in the experiment.
The test instances were conﬁgured with the following parameters: the
crossover rate is set to 0.8 and the mutation rate to 0.1 for all algorithms,
while the population size and maximum generations were standardized to 100
individuals and 100 iterations. Each algorithm is run independently 20 times,
the proposed algorithm has a GS ratio of 0.6, LS of 0.3, RS of 0.1 and EDT for
0.6. For RVEA, the parameter controlling the rate of change of penalty is 2, and
the frequency of employing reference vector adaptation is 0.1. For MOEA/D,
the Tchebycheﬀ decomposition method was chosen, and the neighborhood size
was set to N/10 (where N is the population size).

160

J. Wang et al.

The delivery time of the job is set to be randomly generated and the machine
processing power is randomly generated between [2,5]. Machine power at idle is
randomly generated between [0.3,0.8].
Evaluation metrics: Given that the true Pareto front (PF) cannot be calculated in advance, the Hypervolume (HV) is utilized as an evaluation metric. It
quantiﬁes the volume of the objective space dominated by the set of solutions
(Pareto front) generated by the algorithm. A larger HV value indicates better
performance. Additionally, the average values of the objective functions are also
used as an important metric. The HV metric is calculated as follows:
HV (P, z ∗ ) =

ν(X, z ∗ ),

(9)

x∈P

where P is the set of solutions calculated by the algorithm, z ∗ is the reference
point, and z ∗ = (1, 1, 1, 1). X is the set of non-dominated solutions in P , and X
needs to be normalized.

5

Analysis and Discussion

The data in Table 1 demonstrates the superior performance of the WDHSNSGA-III algorithm in addressing many-objective ﬂexible job shop scheduling problems. Across most test instances, WDHS-NSGA-III achieves optimal
results in makespan minimization and machine load balancing, for example, in
the MK07 instance, it reduces makespan by 16.1% compared to NSGA-III, highlighting the eﬃcacy of its hybrid neighborhood search. The algorithm also excels
in energy eﬃciency and tardiness reduction, lowering total energy consumption
by 7.1% in MK03 and cutting tardiness by 41.3% in MK04, attributed to its subpopulation collaboration and deadline-driven reordering strategies. While RVEA
and MOEA/D marginally outperform WDHS-NSGA-III in a few instances, the
proposed algorithm maintains superior Pareto front coverage and solution uniformity in high-dimensional scenarios through density-aware local search and
reference vector-guided global exploration. Overall, WDHS-NSGA-III outperforms baseline algorithms in 80% of cases, validating the robustness of its multistrategy optimization framework. By balancing machine selection and sequencing
adjustments, it eﬀectively resolves conﬂicting objectives, as seen in MK09, where
it signiﬁcantly improves energy consumption, machine load and tardiness despite
a slightly higher makespan compared to MOEA/D. Limitations arise in extreme
deadline-sensitive scenarios, these results underscore WDHS-NSGA-III’s potential for industrial scheduling applications, oﬀering a novel many-objective challenges in smart manufacturing systems.
The experimental results in Table 2 demonstrate that the proposed WDHSNSGA-III achieves better performance in terms of the HV across most test
instances. Compared to baseline algorithms such as NSGA-III, MOEA/D,
and RVEA, WDHS-NSGA-III consistently attains higher HV values, indicating improved diversity and convergence of the obtained Pareto fronts. Particularly in complex scheduling scenarios with high-dimensional objectives, the
algorithm exhibits enhanced robustness, maintaining balanced exploration of

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

161

Table 1. The average solution in test instances.
Instance Algorithm

Makespan Total Energy Consumption Total Machine Load Total Tardiness

MK01

NSGA-III
48
MOEA/D
51
RVEA
50
WDHS-NSGA-III 46

572
568
536
541

153
163
158
155

14
28
18
9

MK02

NSGA-III
34
MOEA/D
36
RVEA
40
WDHS-NSGA-III 28

631
525
536
522

169
140
153
142

11
8
12
6

MK03

NSGA-III
262
MOEA/D
271
RVEA
292
WDHS-NSGA-III 226

3673
3940
3689
3410

861
892
883
845

216
183
152
162

MK04

NSGA-III
76
MOEA/D
81
RVEA
72
WDHS-NSGA-III 68

1303
1453
1358
1235

331
344
358
332

208
178
166
122

MK05

NSGA-III
201
MOEA/D
212
RVEA
199
WDHS-NSGA-III 182

2273
2239
2308
2239

675
692
686
678

185
169
92
110

MK06

NSGA-III
101
MOEA/D
96
RVEA
113
WDHS-NSGA-III 82

1519
1566
1623
1472

345
367
375
346

101
92
118
69

MK07

NSGA-III
180
MOEA/D
172
RVEA
183
WDHS-NSGA-III 151

2509
2568
2492
2452

665
693
658
642

57
78
62
38

MK08

NSGA-III
580
MOEA/D
596
RVEA
601
WDHS-NSGA-III 553

9948
9660
9921
9760

2492
2569
2692
2493

172
156
144
106

MK09

NSGA-III
401
MOEA/D
379
RVEA
392
WDHS-NSGA-III 386

8693
8501
8669
8494

2367
2283
2325
2226

419
369
381
326

MK10

NSGA-III
326
MOEA/D
313
RVEA
298
WDHS-NSGA-III 279

7432
7531
7368
7263

1847
1902
1889
1862

263
299
162
122

under-sampled regions while preserving solution quality. This suggests that the
integration of hybrid neighborhood search and density-aware local reﬁnement
eﬀectively mitigates the challenges of premature convergence and uneven distribution observed in traditional methods.

162

J. Wang et al.

Table 2. HV value comparison by NSGA-III, MOEA/D, RVEA and WDHS-NSGA-III.
Instance M D NSGA-III
MK01
MK02
MK03
MK04
MK05
MK06
MK07
MK08
MK09
MK10
+/-/=

6

MOEA/D

RVEA

WDHS-NSGA-III

4 110 2.6280 × 10−1 (1.20 × 10−2 ) - 2.7192 × 10−1 (9.05 × 10−3 ) = 2.8132 × 10−1 (7.27 × 10−3 ) = 2.9917 × 10−1 (2.81 × 10−3 )
4 116 5.2825 × 10−1 (9.31 × 10−3 ) - 5.2527 × 10−1 (1.22 × 10−2 ) - 5.1341 × 10−1 (1.07 × 10−2 ) - 5.7906 × 10−1 (1.56 × 10−3 )
4 300 5.2981 × 10−1 (1.18 × 10−2 ) - 5.8331 × 10−1 (1.98 × 10−2 ) + 5.2795 × 10−1 (8.31 × 10−3 ) - 5.6671 × 10−1 (5.52 × 10−3 )
4 180 7.0644 × 10−1 (1.69 × 10−3 ) = 7.0579 × 10−1 (8.30 × 10−3 ) = 6.7018 × 10−1 (7.30 × 10−3 ) - 7.3554 × 10−1 (3.54 × 10−3 )
4 212 5.8744 × 10−1 (3.19 × 10−3 ) - 5.8824 × 10−1 (2.69 × 10−3 ) - 5.8132 × 10−1 (1.76 × 10−3 ) - 6.1366 × 10−1 (1.77 × 10−3 )
4 300 6.0109 × 10−1 (1.69 × 10−2 ) - 6.0526 × 10−1 (9.80 × 10−3 ) - 6.5727 × 10−1 (4.83 × 10−3 ) - 7.5691 × 10−1 (2.20 × 10−3 )
4 200 6.4423 × 10−1 (4.87 × 10−3 ) - 6.4367 × 10−1 (5.36 × 10−3 ) - 6.8114 × 10−1 (1.61 × 10−2 ) + 6.7937 × 10−1 (2.51 × 10−3 )
4 450 3.3510 × 10−1 (3.28 × 10−3 ) - 3.3266 × 10−1 (4.53 × 10−3 ) - 3.2567 × 10−1 (1.78 × 10−3 ) - 3.9704 × 10−1 (3.15 × 10−3 )
4 480 6.3780 × 10−1 (9.59 × 10−3 ) - 6.4170 × 10−1 (1.00 × 10−2 ) - 6.5136 × 10−1 (7.14 × 10−3 ) - 7.2568 × 10−1 (1.97 × 10−3 )
4 480 4.5314 × 10−1 (3.72 × 10−3 ) - 4.3671 × 10−1 (1.57 × 10−3 ) - 4.4147 × 10−1 (2.17 × 10−3 ) - 5.1636 × 10−1 (4.14 × 10−3 )
0/9/1
1/7/2
1/8/1

Outlook

The proposed WDHS-NSGA-III framework presents a robust approach for
addressing many-objective ﬂexible job shop scheduling challenges, yet its evolution and application in real-world industrial settings warrant further exploration. Future research could focus on enhancing the algorithm’s adaptability to dynamic production environments, where real-time disruptions such as
machine failures, urgent order insertions, or ﬂuctuating energy costs necessitate online optimization capabilities. Integrating reinforcement learning or adaptive search mechanisms may enable the algorithm to dynamically recalibrate its
search strategies, balancing exploration-exploitation trade-oﬀs under evolving
constraints. Additionally, extending the algorithm’s scalability to handle largescale scheduling scenarios involving hundreds of jobs and machines remains critical for industrial adoption.

References
1. Ding, J., Xia, J., Yang, Y., Zhou, J., Chen, M., Li, K.: Energy-eﬃcient shop scheduling using space-cooperation multi-objective optimization. IEEE Trans. Sustain.
Comput. (2024)
2. Xu, Y., Wang, D., Zhang, M., Yang, M., Liang, C.: Quantum particle swarm optimization with chaotic encoding schemes for ﬂexible job-shop scheduling problem.
Swarm Evol. Comput. 93, 101836 (2025)
3. Sang, Y., Tan, J., Liu, W.: Research on many-objective ﬂexible job shop intelligent
scheduling problem based on improved NSGA-III. IEEE Access 8, 157676–157690
(2020)
4. Gong, G., Deng, Q., Gong, X., Huang, D.: A non-dominated ensemble ﬁtness ranking algorithm for multi-objective ﬂexible job-shop scheduling problem considering
worker ﬂexibility and green factors. Knowl.-Based Syst. 231, 107430 (2021)
5. Duan, J., Wang, J.: Energy-eﬃcient scheduling for a ﬂexible job shop with machine
breakdowns considering machine idle time arrangement and machine speed level
selection. Comput. Ind. Eng. 161, 107677 (2021)
6. Wen, X., Wang, K., Li, H., Sun, H., Wang, H., Jin, L.: A two-stage solution
method based on NSGA-II for green multi-objective integrated process planning
and scheduling in a battery packaging machinery workshop. Swarm Evol. Comput.
61, 100820 (2021)

An Improved NSGA-III Algorithm for Solving FJSP

163

7. Sun, K., et al.: Hybrid genetic algorithm with variable neighborhood search for
ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem in a machining system. Expert Syst. Appl.
215, 119359 (2023)
8. Wang, Z., He, M., Wu, J., Chen, H., Cao, Y.: An improved MOEA/D for lowcarbon many-objective ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem. Comput. Ind. Eng.
188, 109926 (2024)
9. Shi, S., Xiong, H.: Solving the multi-objective job shop scheduling problems with
overtime consideration by an enhanced NSGA-II. Comput. Ind. Eng. 190, 110001
(2024)
10. Pan, Z., Wang, L., Zheng, J., Chen, J., Wang, X.: A learning-based multi population evolutionary optimization for ﬂexible job shop scheduling problem with ﬁnite
transportation resources. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 27(6), 1590–1603 (2022)
11. Xue, F., Chen, Y., Wang, P., Ye, Y., Dong, J., Dong, T.: A decomposition-based
multi-objective evolutionary algorithm with Q-learning for adaptive operator selection. J. Supercomput. 80(14), 21229–21283 (2024)
12. Zhuang, M., Zhang, W., Tang, H., Li, X., Wang, K.: A multi-objective genetic algorithm based on two-stage reinforcement learning for green ﬂexible shop scheduling
problem considering machine speed. Expert Syst. Appl. 258, 125189 (2024)
13. Deb, K., Jain, H.: An evolutionary many-objective optimization algorithm using
reference-point-based nondominated sorting approach, part I: solving problems
with box constraints. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 18(4), 577–601 (2013)
14. Yang, S., Guohui, Z., Liang, G., Kun, Y.: A novel initialization method for solving
ﬂexible job-shop scheduling problem. In: Editor, F., Editor, S. (eds.) CONFERENCE 2009. LNCS, vol. 9999, pp. 68–73. Springer, Heidelberg (2009)
15. Ji, S., Wang, Z., Yan, J.: A multi-type data driven framework for solving ﬂexible job
shop scheduling problem considering multiple production resource states. Comput.
Ind. Eng. 200, 110835 (2025)
16. Zhang, Q., Li, H.: MOEA/D: a multiobjective evolutionary algorithm based on
decomposition. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 11(6), 712–731 (2007)
17. Cheng, R., Jin, Y., Olhofer, M., Sendhoﬀ, B.: A reference vector guided evolutionary algorithm for many-objective optimization. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 20(5),
773–791 (2016)

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm
for Rubber Tyred Gantry Crane
Scheduling Problem at Container
Terminal
Saber Ben Zina1(B) , Abdelkarim Elloumi1 , and Alain Quilliot2
1

Laboratory of Modeling and Optimization for Decisional, Industrial and Logistic
Systems (MODILS), FSEGS, University of Sfax, Airport Road km 4, 3018 Sfax,
Tunisia
{saber.benzina,abdelkarim.elloumi}@fsegs.usf.tn
2
LIMOS UMR CNRS 6158, University Clermont Auvergne, 63178, Aubi`ere Cedex,
France
alain.quilliot@uca.fr

Abstract. This paper deals with the gantry cranes problem scheduling
at a container terminal. The scheduling of this equipment aims to minimize container assignment time for two diﬀerent operations. A mixed
integer linear programming model is developed to minimize execution
time. An optimized greedy heuristic algorithm (GHA) is also applied to
solve this problem, with a new best-scheduling update strategy included
to improve solution stability. Results show that the proposed GHA eﬃciently solves the RTG cranes scheduling problem.
Keywords: Container terminal · Yard crane scheduling problem ·
Optimization · Greedy heuristic algorithm

1

Introduction

Container transport services have grown exceptionally in recent years, and this
trend shows no signs of abating, as there is a growing demand for container
transport services. In a port container terminal, a large number of vessels are
attached to each other, and each vessel relies on a certain amount of equipment,
supported by a number of berths and mobile cranes unloading/loading. In a
second step, the unloaded containers are moved to the storage area by a conveyor
via internal trucks and placed in suitable positions by crane RTGs. Finally, the
containers are shipped from the storage area to their customers by external
trucks. For export operations, import containers are moved to the terminal’s
storage area by internal trucks and unloaded from trucks and several blocks
using RTG cranes in the terminal. The objective is to minimize the duration of
all these operations for a gantry crane waiting at a container block. Consequently,
the aim of this study is to determine the processing time for each container using
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 164–176, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_12

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

165

a gantry crane and a storage location, in order to complete all operations in the
shortest possible time Fig. 1 shows the gantry crane from yard to block container,
while Fig. 2 is an example of the terminal operation of containers and gantry
crane, and, ﬁnally, Flowchart of the (GHAGGCSP) greedy heuristic algorithm
GCSP. are given in Fig. 3. In recent research, we have proposed exact methods
for solving the GCSP with non-interference constraints and container location
capacities at the container block in the port of Sfax-Tunisia.
However, building large instances takes a long time and is diﬃcult due to
memory saturation. The objective of this paper is to reduce execution time using
a (GHA). There are many researchers who have focused on (GCSP) in the literature. In Sect. 2, the authors review the literature on the (GCSP) in container
storage areas. Section 3 explains the deﬁnition of the principles of numerical
examples and the mathematical model of the container terminal gantry cranes
scheduling problem (GCSP). The structure of the approximate optimality solution, based on the greedy heuristic algorithm GHA, and Fig. 2 shows the process of assigning the gantry crane to the block container. is shown in Sect. 4, and
Sect. 5 contains illustrations and comparisons between CPLEX and the proposed
GHA. This section also deals with a large-scale problem. The last Sect. 6, then
contains the most essential conclusions of this document.

2

Related Works

Research into gantry crane scheduling problem (GCSP) has focused on improving
the performance of container terminals. In [4], the researchers analyzed the operational problem of loading and unloading trains at a container terminal. They
proposed a MIP approach for scheduling straddle carriers and gantry cranes to
minimize total train delay time, combining a branch-and-bound (B&B) method
with a simulated annealing heuristic. [10] proposed an integrated optimization
approach to determine crane yard schedules and truck placement positions, formulating a MILP model and a two-stage heuristic algorithm to solve the problem. For import and export containers, terminal managers usually know the
relevant data at the time of arrival. In [6], examines the problem of space allocation for export containers in automated container terminals, applying optimization integrated with simulation. Part of the objective function of an optimization problem corresponds to a simulation module for minimizing vehicle
waiting time. Then, to solve the target problem a (MILP) proposes with genetic
algorithm adopted from the simulation model that shows computational speed
performance resolution time. In [7] the authors compared automated QC and
gantry crane (GC) scheduling during ship loading and unloading. They had put
forward a (MILP) that included precedence rules and time windows, and aimed
to improve the eﬃciency of container port operations scheduling, as well as a
heuristic algorithm adapted to wait for the total objective of minimizing the
overall time of all seaside and landside resources. They propose a metaheuristic
genetic algorithm (GA) to address this problem. The genetic algorithm and MIP
to provide an optimal solution to the GCSP problem. On the other hand, in [2],

166

S. B. Zina et al.

have proposed a (MILP) to minimize the transport time of problematic automated guided vehicles (AGVs). With a strategy based on graph theory solved
by exact method and ﬁnally to optimize their result a heuristic algorithm adapts
and shows the eﬃciency of solution compared to other deﬁned approaches. Subsequently, numerous heuristic approaches have also been proposed to deal with
the various types of GCSP problems, with the aim of improving the quality of
gantry crane scheduling. In [5] develop a two-level stochastic model to optimize
storage space operations according to constraints linked to increasing container
traﬃc. By applying the model, they are able to determine how to minimize total
transport distances, although stochastic models provide a good measure of terminal performance. The ﬁrst model level is calculated to assign the ships in each
block, without considering the physical characteristics of the container block
location, and the second is a genetic algorithm-based solving system applied to
solve the ﬁrst-level model. A satisfactory solution result from the equilibrium
coeﬃcient share will be obtained based on the practices between the two levels
in a container terminal. Concerning GCSP this is a topical issue, [8] the authors
has developed a gantry crane (GC) displacement problem with the aim of ﬁnding
ways to improve the operational eﬃciency of container terminals and to consider
the integration of various automated container handling methods. This integration of resources minimizes container loading and unloading times, both in the
storage area and on the ship. To this end, two high-performance solution methods, inspired by the mathematical model proposed for the purpose of validating
a small-size instance and an illustrious large-size genetic algorithm (GA), are
developed to ﬁnd a solution approaching optimality. In all cases, both approaches
provide an eﬃcient result within an acceptable computing time. For container
import and export activists, data on the various destinations, boarding vessels
and collection times are normally known by the terminal manager at the time
of arrival. In another sense [1] develop a scheduling strategy for the yard crane
workload balance and resolution (MILP) proposed in the case study that shows
the operational optimization of terminals. In [9] have proposed a (MILP) to
minimize the transport time of problematic automated guided vehicles (AGVs).
With a strategy based on graph theory solved by exact method and ﬁnally to
optimize their result a heuristic algorithm adapts and shows the eﬃciency of
solution compared to other deﬁned approaches. Subsequently, numerous heuristic approaches have also been proposed to deal with the various types of (GCSP)
problems, with the aim of improving the quality of gantry crane scheduling.

Fig. 1. Storage yard block

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

167

Fig. 2. Rubber-tired gantry cranes for container terminals

This study focuses on the problem of scheduling site cranes to noninterference constraints and container location capacity for single container
blocks. Section 3 provides a mathematical model based on the model proposed
by [11] has a has a mixed integer programming (MILP) model solved using
CPLEX, and the exact method we propose for determining all possible choices
for assigning the storage area gantry cranes to the container blocks while considering the non-interference constraints between the RTG cranes and the container
location capacity. It is capable of calculating the optimum completion time for
a container block. We found that the exact (MILP) method outperformed the
port identiﬁcation method in terms of calculation time and completion time for
a small number of container locations. However, the diﬃculty with the (MILP)
method is that for large instances, such as 25 slots, it may take 2 h to complete
the operation. For these situations, we wish to propose in this study a (GHA)
to achieve results closer to the optimum, with fast execution for the yard gantry
cranes scheduling problem, as well as with capacity in each container location
following the dimension of the container block to storage area. In addition, in
[11] to examine the yard crane scheduling problem (YCSP), with the objective
of specifying the order in which containers are processed in the storage and
retrieval areas. To this end, they have developed a (MILP) formulation for handling gantry crane movements on the tank farm and a heuristic level that handles
the optimal sequence based on local search. The results show the performance of
the solution in large real instances obtained from a container port. The problem
of the yard gantry crane that we have studied meets the elements mentioned,
container scheduling is aﬀected on board a single container block, moving time
between slots for the gantry crane is negligible, with the length of the container
block location determined by the standard container size (20- 40 ft). The gantry
crane work is interrupted if a storage slot is not available for the slot it has
been allocated. Finally, the intermediate trucks arrive at the assigned location
once the gantry crane has ﬁnished loading or unloading, so there is always a
suﬃcient number of intermediate trucks available. This feature of the (GHA)
can considerably optimize the inconvenience of (MILP) in earlier studies by [3].

168

S. B. Zina et al.

3

Mathematical Models for the GCSP

3.1

Mathematical Model

The mathematical model GCSP is represented as follows: Parameters:
Sets and indices:
– S: set of slots (storage locations per TEU), indexed by i = 1, 2, . . . , S.
– K: set of gantry cranes, indexed by k = 1, 2, . . . , K.
– Si : set of stacks in slot i, indexed by s = 1, 2, . . . , Si .
Parameters:
–
–
–
–
–
–

pi : processing time of slot i by a gantry crane.
ni : number of containers to be loaded or unloaded in slot i.
ti : number of stacks in slot i, indexed by s = 1, 2, . . . , ti .
h: time taken to assign containers in slot i.
fi : storage capacity of slot i per TEU.
M : large integer used to represent inﬁnity.

Decision variables:
– ci : integer variable representing the current completion time of stack s in slot
i.
– maxCi : makespan (maximum completion time).
– xik : 1 if and only if slot i is assigned to gantry crane k, 0 otherwise.
– yij : 1 if and only if slot i completes no later than slot j starts, 0 otherwise.
– zijkg : 1 if and only if slot i is assigned to gantry crane k and slot j is assigned
to gantry crane g, 0 otherwise.

3.2

Mathematical Model Details

The optimization problem is formulated as follows:

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

169

Subject to: max Ci ≥ ci

∀i ∈ S
∀i ∈ S

(1)
(2)

ci − p i ≥ 0

∀i ∈ S

(3)

∀i ∈ S

(4)

pi ≥ h · ni
ci − (cj − pj ) + yij M ≥ 0

∀i ∈ S
∀i, j ∈ S

(5)
(6)

ci − (cj − pj ) − (1 − yij )M ≤ 0

∀i, j ∈ S

(7)

min max Ci

K

xik = 1
k=1

ti

Si

K

i=1 s=1 k=1

xik Siti ≤ fi

∀i, j ∈ S, ∀s, s ∈ Si , ti
(8)

zijk+1 ≤ yij + yji

∀i, j ∈ S, k ∈ K, i = j
(9)

zijkg ≤ yij + yji

∀i, j ∈ S, k ∈ K, i = j
(10)

xik ∈ {0, 1}, zijkg ∈ {0, 1}, yij ∈ {0, 1}
maxCi ≥ 0, ci ≥ 0

(11)
∀i, j ∈ S, ∀k, g ∈ K (12)

The objective function (1) minimises the maximum of workload of container
operations in the storage area, which is the ﬁnal completion time from all slots.
Constraints (2) and (3) deﬁne the value properties the ﬁnal completion time
for variable decision and the completion time at the beginning of the handling
operation. Constraint (4) ensures that each slot must be assigned to at least one
gantry crane. Constraint (5) ensures that the processing time must be greater
than or equal to the workload (workload = number of containers time to assign a
container in the slot per gantry crane). Constraints (6) and (7) deﬁnition of the
linear of the decision variable yij : constraint (6) shows that yij = 1 if the (laste
completion time less than or equal to completion time at the latest - processing
time, if only if means that yij = 1 when slot i ends before slot j begins, constraint
(7) indicates the contrary. Constraint (8) ensures that each slot capacity i does
not exceed the stack tier (height), indicates that the two gantry cranes do not
process the same slot at the same time. And ﬁnally, constraint (9) and (10)
represent the interference constraint, that is, when slot i is assigned to crane k
and slot j is assigned to crane g at the same time and under the condition that
slot i that the processing time is lower than slot j than the processing time if
i < j and k < g. Constraint (11) ensure the nature of the used decision variables.

170

4

S. B. Zina et al.

A Greedy Heuristic Algorithm

The greedy heuristic algorithm is specialized in assignment problems to solve
speciﬁc problems using a few simple steps. In this section, we develop a heuristic glutton algorithm for solving the problem of RTG crane scheduling and slot
assignment in block container to container terminal. The principle of this heuristic is to assign an RTG crane to the slot in the block container that can take
the least amount of processing time. This algorithm can compute the makespan
of S slot as a function of k RTG crane and respecting the following steps in S
iterations:

Fig. 3. Flowchart of the greedy heuristic algorithm for GHAGCSP.

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

171

Step 1. Start by initializing all parameters, such as the number of RTG
cranes, the assignment times in each slot, and the number of stacks (length and
height). Step 2. Sort the execution times and number of containers for each
slot in descending order. Step 3. Generate all possible combinations of RTG
crane slot assignments using a combinatorial approach. Create an assignment
function that calculates the total time needed to complete all assignments. Step
4. For each assignment generated, check that it respects the conditions of noninterference between RTG cranes. You can do this by checking that each slot
allocated to the same RTG crane does not overlap in time. Go to step 5 if the
container assignment is less than or equal to the slot capacity; otherwise, increase
the slot value and go on to step 2. Step 5. For the assignments that satisfy the
non-interference conditions, calculate the total time required to complete all
these assignments. Step 6. Choose the solution that oﬀers optimum handling
with minimum makespan.

Algorithm 1 Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling
1: Initialize the parameters
2: Sort P Tsloti , N Csloti , STsloti in descending order
3: for i = 1 to n − 1 do
4:
P Tsloti , N Csloti ← i + 1
5: end for
6: i ← 0
7: while i < j and k < g and N C + ST (sloti ) ≤ CATsloti do
8:
Cmax ← CCti
9:
i←i+1
10:
for k = 1 to RT G do
11:
RT Gk ← 1
12:
minCCti ← CCti−1
13:
for k = 1 to RT G − 1 do
14:
if CCti ≤ Cmax then
15:
Cmax ← CCti
16:
RT Gk ← k
17:
end if
18:
Cmax ← minCCti
19:
end for
20:
end for
21:
Cmax ← CCti
22:
for k = 1 to RT G − 1 do
23:
if CCti ≥ Cmax then
24:
Cmax ← CCti
25:
end if
26:
end for
27: end while
28: Execute minCmax

172

S. B. Zina et al.

Notation: RTGk : gantry crane, bay indexed k; sloti : bay indexed i; CCti : current completion time of the gantry crane; CATsloti : capacity of slot i; PTsloti :
processing time of slot i by a gantry crane; STsloti : number of stacks in slot i;
NCsloti : number of containers in slot i; minCmax : makespan.
A ﬂowchart visualizes an algorithm, a process of tasks in the terminal port.
In this section, we propose a ﬂowchart for the greedy heuristic algorithm of the
Gantry Cranes Scheduling problem (GHAGCSP), which allows optimal solutions to be built from a single block container (Fig. 3). In this paper, we use a
greedy heuristic algorithm (GHA) to ﬁnd solutions close to reality, in order to
simplify the problem-solving process. The greedy heuristic algorithm for obtaining a nearoptimal solution is generally used for solving diﬃcult problems and
with easy sets of steps used. Initialization, at each stage, an initial local optimal
choice is made. This involves choosing the best existing option at that stage,
based on certain criteria speciﬁc to the problem, solution update, stop criterion,
execution.

5

Experimental Results

In this section, small-scale examples are given to compare the performance of
greedy heuristic algorithms (GHA) with the optimal solution obtained using
CPLEX. Due to the complexity of CPLEX in solving large-scale problems, evaluations for large-scale instances are only made using the optimal solution computed by CPLEX, comparisons for large-scale instances are only made between
them and the proposed heuristic algorithm. Several tested instances are solved
using CPLEX 12.4.1(a commercial software package for exact integer programming solving) and the greedy heuristic algorithm (GHA) which relates to the
reduction of a complex problem.
5.1

Small and Large Instance Comparison Between MILP and GHA

Table 1 illustrates the values and computation time for diﬀerent tests by applying the proposed heuristic and CPLEX to the MIP. Instances that are optimally
solved by CPLEX an acceptable time. Processing times for container locations
are given between [5, 60]. According to Table 1, since instance 21, the CPLEX has
been unable to produce a solution after more than 6 h of machine processing,
while the glutton algorithm provides a better solution in an extremely short time,
but instance 25 is the longest is no solution up to more than 5 h of executions.
The diﬀerence in performance (GAP) between the optimum and near-optimum
solutions lies between 40.70 and 100 are more eﬃcient than the optimum solutions.

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

173

Table 1. Results on small and large random instances of MILP and GHA

Instance Size (K × S × Si ) CPLEX
GHA
GAP (%)
no.
Objective CPU(s) Objective CPU(s)
1

2×3×6

82

0.047

81

0.014

70.63

2

2×4×6

104

0.109

100

0.021

80.73

3

2×6×5

190

0.141

187

0.027

80.85

4

2×7×6

216

0.250

213

0.128

48.80

5

2×8×5

380

4.813

170

1.131

76.50

6

2×7×6

494

3.156

297

1.651

79.75

7

3×9×6

658

17.828

199

10.571 40.70

8

2 × 10 × 6

232

49.450

237

0.214

99.56

9

3 × 10 × 6

156

10.530

161

0.335

96.81

10

2 × 11 × 6

198

120.020 247

0.352

99.70

11

3 × 11 × 4

176

71.070

166

0.868

98.77

12

2 × 12 × 5

226

392.240 253

0.337

99.85

13

3 × 12 × 5

188

114.740 170

0.722

99.51

14

2 × 13 × 5

228

448.470 262

0.345

99.92

15

3 × 13 × 2

206

1230.090 176

1.329

99.89

16

2 × 14 × 6

187

926.820 283

0.369

100.00

17

3 × 14 × 4

212

363.540 190

3.212

99.11

18

3 × 15 × 6

131

194.670 297

0.377

99.80

19

3 × 15 × 5

260

569.140 212

27.613 95.14

20

2 × 18 × 6

314

> 703.19 346

0.665

99.90

21

2 × 19 × 5

130

> 21600 361

0.926

99.99

22

3 × 19 × 5

–

361

1.978

–

–

23

2 × 20 × 4

–

410

171.510

–

–

24

2 × 22 × 5

–

410

4.939

–

–

25
3 × 25 × 6
–
> 18000 –
–
–
Note: MS: Cut-oﬀ execution time after 5 h (saturated memory).
CPU - GHA CPU
× 100%
GAP(%) = CPLEXCPLEX
CPU
5.2

CPLEX Performance Analysis and the Greedy Heuristic
Algorithm

As part of the analysis of the results, the scope is evaluated as a function of
the activities, as shown in the tables. For each S × K slot, the scope value is
reduced as the number of gantry crane is increased in all the medium and large
instances tested. A short objective value reﬂects good gantry crane and slot

174

S. B. Zina et al.

utilization, as shown by the results of the table experiments. The results show
that the objective function values obtained through the proposed (MILP) and
the resolution using CPLEX for the small-sized port are very good. Due to the
NP hard of the problem, it cannot be solved in an acceptable time for largesize
problems, in a limited time is not possible. However, the proposed model is
capable of solving small instances computed using CPLEX.
The problem parameters for each instance are set as a function of the number
of RTGs slots, and container processing times. In order to clarify the quality of
the strategies for improving the proposed (HAG), on container scheduling in
the storage area. We ﬁrst carry out a comparison between the improved (GHA)
and the (MILP). Tables 2 and 3 show the observations made on larger instances
of three and four RTGs. It’s worth mentioning that CPLEX computations are
time-limited and that the best solution obtained in more than 4 h is the best
possible solution. We present here an example of processing for 10 slots and 3
RTG crane with number of containers between [5, 25] and a processing time
between [5, 60].
This results in an RTG assignment of 1 → 1 → 2 → 3 → 1 → 2 → 3 →
3 → 3, the ﬁrst RTG crane works in the ﬁrst, second and ﬁfth slot and RTG1,
RTG2 and RTG3 crane is worked in the remaining slot. The makespan corresponds to the largest value between the completion times of all the RTGs, so
the most recent completion time between the whole slot is the highest of all
the completion times for the crane RTGs. In all cases, we ﬁnd no interference
between RTG cranes when assigning them to slots. Processing time is identical for CPLEX and the greedy algorithm, except for instances 20 to 25, where
CPLEX required a long run time with no results, while the (HAG) achieved
results. The proposed (HAG) is able to ﬁnd practically optimal solutions for
small instances, as opposed to the CPLEX algorithm. Table 1 shows the combined results. To check the results of our gluttonous algorithm in detail, we carry
out evaluations using large sets of instances.
We choose three K values (the number of RTGs), 2, 3, 6 for each K value, we
propose the S values (the number of slots),5, 15, 25, and each K value as a function of S. 25 instances are formed the processing time for each slot assignment
is calculated randomly in the interval [5, 60]. The number of containers in each
slot is calculated in the interval [5, 30]. Finally, the number of stacks in each slot
is calculated randomly in the interval [1, 6]. Sequence in RTG 1 (slot 1 will be
assigned ﬁrst, then slot 2, 5), and sequence in RTG (slot 4 will be assigned ﬁrst,
then slot 6) successively:

Adaptive Greedy Heuristic Algorithm for RTG Crane Scheduling

175

Table 2. MILP results for assigning an RTG to each slot (3 × 10)

i

1

2

3

4

5 6

7 8 9 10

k=1 1
k=2 0
k=3 1

1
0
0

0
0
0

0
1
0

1 0
0 0
1 0

0 0 0 0
1 1 0 0
0 0 1 1

ci

102 156 156 156 58 100 50 22 60 118

Cmax 156
RTG1: 1 → 2 → 5; RTG2: 4 → 7 →
8; RTG3: 1 → 5 → 9 → 10
Table 3. GHA results for assigning an RTG to each slot (3 × 10)

Slot No. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
RTG1
RTG2

**

*
** ** *

RTG3 * * *
**
RTG1: 1 → 4 → 6;
RTG2: 5 → 7 → 8 →
10; RTG3: 1 → 2 →
3→9

6

Conclusion and Future Work

It is generally accepted that container terminals play a central role in the world.
Play a central role in the world, indeed the performance of container terminals
will depend on their ability to meet the needs of their customers and to satisfy
them. The operation of container terminals depends on the allocation of resources
within the terminal. Storage RTGs are the most important equipment in the
storage area. This paper proposes a greedy heuristic algorithm for the RTG
crane storage yard scheduling problem is essential in container port terminal
operations. In this study, the problem of scheduling multiple storage yard crane
for container handling is treated as an important problem in port terminals.
Since it has been shown that the scheduling problem is an NP-hard problem, a
gluttonous heuristic algorithm based on real decisions has been proposed to ﬁnd
optimal schedules for this problem. To further develop the performance of the
solutions in terms of execution time and approximation to the optimal solution,
a metaheuristic approach was tested.

176

S. B. Zina et al.

References
1. Chen, J., Zhou, J., Zheng, Y., Ma, R.: Optimal scheduling model based on
unmanned collector truck arrival time variation ﬁeld bridge under balanced strategy. In: Journal of Physics: Conference Series, vol. 2258, p. 012043 (2022). https://
doi.org/10.1088/1742-6596/2258/1/012043
2. Farrelly, J., Grimes, D.: An iterated local search approach to the container premarshalling problem. In: 2022 33rd Irish Signals and Systems Conference (ISSC),
pp. 1–6 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ISSC55427.2022.9826140
3. Galle, V., Barnhart, C., Jaillet, P.: Yard crane scheduling for container storage,
retrieval, and relocation. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 271(1), 288–316 (2018). https://doi.
org/10.1016/j.ejor.2018.05.007
4. Gharehgozli, A., Roy, D., Saini, S., Van Ommeren, J.K.: Loading and unloading
trains at the landside of container terminals. Marit. Econ. Logist. 25(3), 549–575
(2023). https://doi.org/10.1057/s41278-022-00219-9
5. He, J., Tan, C., Yan, W., Huang, W., Liu, M., Yu, H.: Two-stage stochastic programming model for generating container yard template under uncertainty and
traﬃc congestion. Adv. Eng. Inform. 43, 101032 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/
j.aei.2020.101032
6. Hsu, H.P., Tai, H.H., Wang, C.N., Chou, C.C.: Scheduling of collaborative operations of yard cranes and yard trucks for export containers using hybrid approaches.
Adv. Eng. Inform. 48, 101292 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2021.101292
7. Li, H., Peng, J., Wang, X., Wan, J.: Integrated resource assignment and scheduling
optimization with limited critical equipment constraints at an automated container
terminal. IEEE Trans. Intell. Transp. Syst. 22(12), 7607–7618 (2021). https://doi.
org/10.1109/TITS.2020.3005854
8. Luo, J., Wu, Y.: Scheduling of container-handling equipment during the loading process at an automated container terminal. Comput. Ind. Eng. 149, 106848
(2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2020.106848
9. Yue, L., Fan, H.: Dynamic scheduling and path planning of automated guided vehicles in automatic container terminal. IEEE/CAA J. Autom. Sinica 9(11), 2005–
2019 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/JAS.2022.105950
10. Zhou, C., Lee, B., Li, H.: Integrated optimization on yard crane scheduling and
vehicle positioning at container yards. Transp. Res. Part E Logist. Transp. Rev.
138, 101966 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tre.2020.101966
11. Zina, S., Elloumi, A., Quilliot, A.: A rubber tyred gantry crane scheduling in
container terminals in port of Sfax-Tunisia. In: 2023 9th International Conference
on Control, Decision and Information Technologies (CoDIT), pp. 1068–1073 (2023).
https://doi.org/10.1109/CoDIT58514.2023.10284156

Solving the Electricity Technician
Dispatch Problem
Haifa Zaidi and Malek Mouhoub(B)
Department of Computer Science, University of Regina, Regina, SK, Canada
{hzy487,mouhoubm}@uregina.ca

Abstract. Combinatorial optimization problems involve ﬁnding the
best solution from a wide set of possibilities, often arising in logistics,
scheduling, and resource allocation. These problems, such as the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and the Multi-Depot Vehicle Routing
Problem (MDVRP), are typically NP-hard, with solution spaces growing exponentially, making systematic search methods impractical. We
address a particular application of the MDVRP: the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem (ETDP), which focuses on planning and optimizing routes for technicians providing maintenance services to customers
located at various geographical points. In order to ﬁnd the optimal travel
routes, we propose a variant of the Genetic Algorithm (GA). In the initial population, customers are assigned to the nearest depot and routes
are generated randomly for each technician. Then, during the improvement phase, our algorithm proceeds with its standard evolution process
to explore better solutions. To evaluate the performance of our proposed
method, we conducted experiments on several instances of the Cordeau
benchmarking dataset and compared the results with those obtained
from other methods, such as the Stochastic Local Search (SLS) and the
Nearest-Neighbor Algorithm (NNA). The results show the eﬀectiveness
of our method in terms of both solution quality and computational eﬃciency.
Keywords: Combinatorial Optimization · Genetic Algorithm ·
Nature-Inspired Techniques · Metaheuristics · Multi-Depot Vehicle
Routing Problem (MDVRP) · Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem
(ETDP)

1

Introduction

The Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) lies at the heart of transportation operations in industrial and commercial supply chains and is one of the most important
and intensively studied optimization problems in computational mathematics
and operations research [1,2]. The VRP involves a set of vehicles with a given
capacity that must deliver goods to a set of locations, starting and ending at
a given depot. The main objective is to minimize the cost of the tours while
meeting capacity constraints and ensuring that each location is visited exactly
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 177–188, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_13

178

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

once [3]. The Multi-Depot Vehicle Routing Problem (MDVRP) is a variant of
VRP where there are multiple depots instead of a single one, from which vehicles
start and return after completing their services [4]. The Electricity Technician
Dispatch Problem (ETDP) is one of the main applications of the MDVRP. The
EDTP consists of optimizing the total cost related to the adopted tours taken by
technicians who are deployed to provide customer service in diﬀerent geographical locations, while meeting the availability and demand constraints of technicians and customers, respectively. Figure 1 shows an example of the EDTP with
3 depots, a maximum of 4 technicians per service center, and 19 customers who
need service.

Fig. 1. An instance of the ETDP problem

The ETDP requires an exponential running time (O(2E ) where E is the
number of edges in the related network) [4]. For that reason, new techniques
have been adopted to overcome this challenge in practice. These techniques
include metaheuristics and machine learning techniques, as an alternative to
exact methods [5–12]. Although these techniques do not ensure the optimality of the solution, they oﬀer a reasonable trade-oﬀ between the quality of the
returned result and the processing time. Solving the MDVRP (and consequently
the EDTP) comes with an additional challenge, as we are dealing with several
tours, each with its own starting depot. To address this diﬃculty (in addition to
the exponential time cost inherited by the underlying TSP), we propose a variant of the genetic algorithm (GA) that combines classical GAs and local search
operations. We ﬁrst generate the initial population by assigning each customer
to the nearest depot and randomly split each cluster to create the sub-tours
while guaranteeing the capacity constraint of technicians and the number of
technicians constraint per depot. We then apply the standard GA steps (selection, crossover, and mutation). To evaluate the performance of our method, we
conducted experiments on a set of problem instances from the Cordeau benchmark [13]. We compared our method with other techniques inspired by nature

Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem

179

and exact algorithms. Nature-inspired techniques include: the Stochastic Local
Search (SLS), Nearest-Neighbor Algorithm (NNA), a Hybrid Algorithm called
ILS-RVND-SP that combines an Iterated Local Search (ILS) based on a Variable Neighborhood Descent with Random Neighborhood Ordering (RVND) and
a Set Partitioning (SP) method [14], and an adaptive large neighborhood search
heuristic (ALNS) [15]. For exact techniques, we consider the Branch and Bound
(B&B) algorithm.

2

Related Work

Hwang [16] used an improved genetic algorithm to solve the VRP problem with
time constraints. To improve this algorithm, changes were made to the crossover
operator and a graphical interface was used to display the simulation results.
These results indicated that the proposed method is eﬀective in solving multidepot variants of VRP. Bell and McMullen [17] used Ant Colony Optimization
to solve VRP by making changes to the solution used to solve the TSP. The
results indicate acceptable performance for large instances. Szeto et al. [18] presented a population-based method called the Bee Colony algorithm to solve the
VRP problem. By improving the initial version of this algorithm, the authors
signiﬁcantly increased its performance, and their evaluation on two benchmark
samples showed the superiority of their proposed method. The proposed method
also obtained better results in terms of computational time compared to the
original Bee Colony algorithm. In [19], a clustering method based on GAs was
presented to solve MDVRP. The authors compared their proposed method with
the nearest neighbor algorithm and concluded that clustering provides better
solutions in terms of distance between each customer and each depot. The computational time was shorter compared to the nearest neighbour algorithm. Giosa
et al. [20] used a hybrid method to solve a variant of the MDVRP. They ﬁrst clustered the problem and then routed it. Their simulation results for the heuristic
method presented in large-scale problems indicate good performance in solution
quality and execution time. Yongle He et al. [21] used the Tabu search algorithm
in conjunction with a clustering technique to solve the MDVRP. In the proposed
clustering method, called variable cluster grouping, the multi-depot problem is
ﬁrst converted to multiple single-depots. The Tabu algorithm is then executed to
solve each of the clusters. The simulation results show the proper performance
of their method.
In the case of the EDTP the following were reported. Xu and Chiu [22]
proposed a method, based on GRASP, to solve the problem of dispatching technicians with time windows. In another study [23], constraint programming and
column generation methods were used to repair machines at Xerox in Chile to
dispatch technicians. In deﬁning this issue, each customer has diﬀerent priorities,
and their demand must be met within a period by the company’s technicians.
Therefore, reducing response time plays a vital role in service delivery. Kovacs
et al. [24] deﬁned the EDTP in which technicians are deployed to provide services with varying skill levels and time windows. The goal was to reduce the

180

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

total cost of the route, and an adaptive large neighborhood search algorithm
was adopted for two samples of real and artiﬁcial world. Pillac et al. [25] took
advantage of a parallel approach to providing customer service by technicians
through EDTP. To achieve this purpose, the authors used VRP with Time Windows (VRPTW). The authors also used a method that combines a heuristic
method, a parallel adaptive Large Neighborhood Search, and mathematical programming to solve the problem. The authors tested their method on Solomon
VRPTW instances and list promising results. In another study, Cortés et al. [26]
deﬁned the EDTP with 20 technicians providing machine repair services to 70
customers. Using branch and price, the authors searched for optimal routes for
each technician with the shortest distance and travel time, and used constraint
programming methods to solve the problem. The simulation results showed that
the optimal answers were reached in an acceptable time. El-Yaakoubi et al.
[27] used mixed-integer linear modeling to model EDTP and used three methods that combined the Tabu search and memetic algorithm. The authors tested
their proposed method on random and real-world samples and compared the
results obtained with the CPLEX values in small and medium dimensions. For
large-scale instances, CPLEX could not ﬁnd a possible answer, while the proposed method could return the optimal solution in a reasonable time. In a new
study by Mathlouthi et al. [28] on the route of technicians for maintenance and
repair deployment, a Tabu search algorithm with adaptive memory was used.
Adding adaptive memory to the proposed method helped to make the generated
responses more diverse. The authors compared their approach with the branch
and price algorithm and achieved promising results. Guastaroba et al. [29] proposed a heuristic method based on adaptive large neighborhood search with a
three-phase decomposition to solve the routing of large-scale technicians for the
installation and repair services of electrical equipment. The simulation results
on large samples showed that optimal answers are obtained in a short time.
The authors also compared their proposed method with the results obtained by
CPLEX and came up with promising results. In a recent study, Sadeghilalimi et
al. [30] addressed the ETDP by implementing a two-phase hybrid approach that
combines clustering techniques with exact methods, heuristics and metaheuristics for routing. The results demonstrated promising performance compared to
other studies.

3

Problem Formulation

The EDTP can be represented as a graph G = (V, E) in which V = N ∪
D is a set of nodes that includes |N | = n customers who need service and
|D| = m technician depots. The set of edges E represents the distance between
customers/depots. The cost of traveling between the vertices i and j is deﬁned
as cij . Each depot has a maximum number of technicians K, each with capacity
Pk (1 ≤ k ≤ K). The following is the formulation of the EDTP with decision
variables, constraints, and objective.

Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem

181

Decision Variables
We deﬁne a binary decision variable, xijk , which is equal to 1 if the nodes i and
j are on the technician k s route and 0 otherwise.
⎧
⎪
⎨1, if technician k travels from node i to node j
xijk =
(1)
(after serving customer i )
⎪
⎩
0, otherwise.
Constraints
– Each customer must be visited exactly once by an assigned technician k.
These requirements are expressed through Eqs. 2 and 3. Equation 2 states
that each customer’s location is arrived at from exactly one other location
(including a depot). Equation 3 requires that from each customer’s location
there is a departure to exactly one other location (including a depot).
K∗m n+m

xijk = 1

j = 1, · · · , n

(2)

xijk = 1

i = 1, · · · , n

(3)

k=1 i=1,i=j
K∗m

n+m

k=1 j=1,j=i

– Each technician k starts at and returns to the same depot p.
n

n

xipk 1 ≤ k ≤ K ∗ m n + 1 ≤ p ≤ n + m

xpjk =
j=1

(4)

i=1

– To ensure ﬂow continuity, each technician k that arrives at customer j must
also leave.
n+m

n+m

xijk =
i=1

xjik

k = 1, · · · , K ∗ m

j = 1, · · · , n

(5)

i=1

– Each customer i ∈ N has a non-negative demand qi (number of hours needed
to service customer i), that must be satisﬁed by technician k: 0 < qi ≤ Pk .
Pk is the number of hours available for technician k. Equation 6 expresses the
fact that technician k has enough hours to serve its customers.
n

n+m

qi · xijk ≤ Pk

k = 1, · · · , K ∗ m

(6)

i=1 j=1,j=i

– Each depot p ∈ D has a maximum number of technicians that cannot be
exceeded. This can be written using Eq. 7:
K∗m n

xjpk ≤ K
k=1 j=1

n+1≤p≤n+m

(7)

182

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

Objective
Equation 8 deﬁnes the objective function: minimizing the total cost of all tours
conducted by all technicians to satisfy all the demands of customers. cij is the
distance (cost) between nodes i and j.
n+m

n+m

K∗m

cij · xijk

min

(8)

i=1 j=1,j=i k=1

4

Proposed Methodology

Initially, we assign each customer to its nearest depot and split each cluster to
random sub-tours with respect to the capacity constraint, which ensures that the
initial population consists of feasible individuals (possible solutions). The evolutionary process is then performed following the same standard steps as normal
GAs, including selection, crossover, and mutation operations. The subtours or
clusters obtained at the end of the GA process represent feasible solutions to the
EDTP. The following components of our method are described below.
Generate the Initial Population. Initially, each customer is assigned to the
nearest depot based on Euclidean distance and without imposing capacity limit.
We also introduce two categories of customers borderline and non-borderline. A
borderline customer is deﬁned as a customer for whom the relative diﬀerence
between the distance to a non-assigned cluster center and the distance to the
assigned cluster center is within a speciﬁed threshold. Mathematically, this can
be expressed as:
distance − shortestDistance
< borderlineThreshold
shortestDistance
where distance is the distance from the customer to the depot, the shortest
distance is the distance to the nearest (assigned) depot and limitThreshold is
the tolerance value that determines limit customers. These customers will be
selected later for inter-depot mutation.
Tournament Selection. At each generation, we must select parents for reproduction. This process uses a tournament selection method combined with an elite
retention strategy, as described in [22], to form a new population. Speciﬁcally,
a binary tournament selection approach is applied, which is based on ﬁtness. In
this approach, two individuals (called the tournament set) are chosen at random
from the population. In addition to the standard binary tournament method,
this work introduces a random factor, denoted as r, which is a value between 0
and 1. If r is less than a value empirically determined within the range (0.6 1.0),
the ﬁttest individual in the tournament set is selected for reproduction. Otherwise, any individual in the tournament set is randomly chosen for reproduction.

Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem

183

To ensure that the best individual is transferred to the next generation, an elite
model is used. The primary advantage of this elitist approach over traditional
probabilistic methods is that it guarantees that the best solution of the current
generation remains unchanged in the next generation. This prevents the best
chromosome from deteriorating as generations progress.
Best Cost Route Crossover. The crossover process involves several steps
to generate oﬀspring while maintaining feasibility in multi-depot vehicle routing
problems. First, two parent solutions (p1 and p2 ) are selected stochastically from
the population. Then a depot is chosen at random to undergo reproduction. From
each parent solution, a route (r1 from p1 and r2 from p2 ) is randomly selected.
Customers in r1 are removed from p2 , and customers in r2 are removed from
p1 to prevent duplication during the generation of oﬀspring. For each customer
in r1 , the algorithm calculates the cost of insertion to integrate that customer
into all feasible locations in p2 . The insertion costs are stored in an ordered list,
along with information on whether each insertion maintains feasibility. The costs
are then sorted in ascending order. A random number k ∈ (0, 1) is generated to
determine the insertion strategy. Based on the value of k, the algorithm either
selects the ﬁrst feasible insertion location or chooses a position from the list
regardless of feasibility. If no feasible location exists, a new route is created
containing only that customer. This process is repeated with the roles of r1 and r2
swapped, promoting diversity while balancing the exploration of unconventional
solutions and the exploitation of feasible ones.
Intra-depot Mutation: Intra-depot mutations increase diversity and help
genetic algorithms escape local minima by introducing new characteristics within
the routes of a single depot. Three types of mutation (reversal, single-customer
rerouting, and customer swapping) are applied with equal probability. In a reversal mutation, two cut points are selected in a chromosome, and the sequence of
customers between these points is reversed. Single Customer Re-Routing consists of randomly selecting a single customer, removing it from its current route,
and reinserting it at the best feasible insertion location within another route of
the same depot to minimize cost. In customer swapping mutation two routes are
randomly selected, and a customer is swapped between them. Mutations occur
with a low probability (0.2) for chromosomes within a randomly chosen depot
per generation. If selected, a mutation type is stochastically chosen to avoid
destructive changes while improving the quality of the solution.
Inter-depot Mutation: This method improves solution quality by swapping
customers between depots, optimizing costs or vehicle usage. It is applied every
10 generations, guided by the parameter Swapping Mutation Rate. Only customers whose reassignment reduces cost are considered, chosen from the list
of borderline customers identiﬁed during the initial clustering phase, as these
customers are assigned a candidate list of alternative depots for potential reas-

184

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

signment. Customers close to their current depots or creating infeasible routes
are excluded.

5

Experimentation

To assess the performance of our proposed solution method, we conducted a set
of experiments on instances proposed by Cordeau et al. [13]. Python language
was used, and each algorithm was run 10 times for each instance. The best value
is then reported. The experiments were conducted on a computer with an Intel
Core i7-13650HX with 2.60 GHz and 24 GB of RAM running under Windows
11-64 bits. All the parameters guiding the algorithms we have used are tuned, to
their best, using the Chess Rating System (CRS-Tuning) [31]. In the case of GA,
and as explained earlier in the proposed methodology section, the best-cost route
crossover is chosen with probability 0.8, and for selection tournament selection
was adopted. For the mutation, we consider the inter-depot and intra-depot
mutation, respectively, with probability 0.05.
Table 1. The quality of the solution returned by each method
Inst. n

k m ALNS HGSADC RVND-SP GA

NNA

SLS

B&B

p01 50 4 4 576.87 576.87

576.87

596.14 590.91 664.34 556.87

p02 50 2 4 473.53 473.53

473.53

495.37 590.91 589.35 473.53

p03 75 3 5 641.19 641.19

641.19

663.83 742.59 717.73 640.18

p04 100 8 2 1006.09 1001.23

1001.04

1068.84 815.87 1181.33 796.53

p05 100 5 2 752.34 750.03

750.21

774.32 856.17 945.51 885.07

p06 100 6 3 883.01 876.50

876.50

904.89 852.86 784.41 739.8

p07 100 4 4 889.36 884.43

881.97

1025.09 859.61 1061.77 1061.77

p08 249 14 2 4421.03 4397.42

4393.70

4618.40 3038.60 4783.39 5111.08

p09 249 12 3 3892.50 3868.59

3864.22

4103.67 2921.10 3865.36 -

p10 249 8 4 3666.85 3636.08

3634.72

3886.55 3125.38 3973.82 -

pr01 48 1 4 861.32 861.32

861.32

881.48 1131.58 984.89 580.19

pr02 96 2 4 1308.17 1307.34

1308.53

1455.54 1542.74 1469.68 -

pr03 144 3 4 1810.66 1803.80

1804.09

1870.65 1903.34 2023.53 -

pr04 192 4 4 2073.16 2059.36

2060.93

2261.79 2218.46 2234.55 -

pr05 240 5 4 2350.31 2340.29

2338.36

2790.24 2249.97 2687.33 -

pr06 288 6 4 2695.74 2681.93

2685.23

2870.65 2888.04 2687.33 677.24

pr07 72 1 6 1089.56 1089.56

1089.56

1194.44 1321.43 1827.08 -

pr08 144 2 6 1675.74 1665.05

1665.08

1828.51 1969.25 1827.08 -

pr09 216 3 6 2144.84 2134.17

2135.37

2284.81 2501.05 2234.62 -

pr10 288 4 6 2905.43 2886.59

2882.41

2835.81 2935.81 2634.62 -

Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem

185

The results of the comparative experiments (the quality of the solutions
returned) are reported in Table 1. As stated earlier, the best results are reported
after 10 runs. Our solving techniques are compared with the adaptive large
neighborhood search heuristic (ALNS) [15], the Hybrid Genetic Algorithm with
Adaptive Diversity Control (HGSADC) [32], and the Hybrid algorithm combining Iterated Local Search (ILS) based on a Variable Neighborhood Descent
with Random neighborhood ordering (RVND) and the Set Partitioning method
(SP) [14]. In Table 1, n is the number of customers, k is the number of available
technicians (vehicles), and m is the number of service centers (depots). While
B&B returns the optimal solutions for most of the instances, it fails to solve
the other medium and large instances. This is justiﬁed by the exponential time
cost that B&B suﬀers from [33,34]. If we exclude instances successfully solved
by B&B, SLS, GA, and NNA demonstrated consistent performance by providing
promising results for all instances within an acceptable runtime.

6

Conclusion and Future Work

We propose a GA-based approach to solve the EDTP. The strategy begins with
assigning customers to their nearest depots and distinguishing between two types
of customer, borderline and nonborderline, based on a threshold value. More
speciﬁcally, the initial population is generated through a clustering and assignment process, resulting in a cluster per depot. Each cluster is then divided into
smaller groups, each to be served by a technician while respecting the capacity
constraints, to ensure feasible individuals in the initial population. The standard operations of genetic algorithms are subsequently applied to explore and
identify improved solutions. This method not only serves as solving technique
for the ETDP but also provides a near-optimal clustering for the other exact
and approximate techniques that are also used to ﬁnd the best tour for each
sub-cluster. To assess the performance of our GA-based method, we conducted
a set of experiments and reported promising results.
In the near future, further investigation of other metaheuristics [6,35–38]
will be conducted. Another research area that we will explore consists of solving
the ETDP in a dynamic environment. In this regard, the goal is to react in
real-time to unpredictable events that can occur due to car accidents, weather
conditions, or others. More speciﬁcally, after the optimal routes are provided
to technicians, we need to be able to review some of these routes in case they
are no longer feasible. The challenge here is to ﬁnd the next-best route(s) that
optimizes our objectives and satisﬁes the new constraints. In this context, we
will rely on dynamic combinatorial problem solving techniques [39–41], including
dynamic vehicle routing algorithms [42, 43].

References
1. Caric, T., Gold, H.: Vehicle routing problem. InTech (2008)

186

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

2. Braekers, K., Ramaekers, K., Van Nieuwenhuyse, I.: The vehicle routing problem:
state of the art classiﬁcation and review. Comput. Ind. Eng. 99, 300–313 (2016)
3. Dantzig, G.B., Ramser, J.H.: The truck dispatching problem. Manage. Sci. 6(1),
80–91 (1959)
4. Wang, S., et al.: Fitness-scaling adaptive genetic algorithm with local search for
solving the multiple depot vehicle routing problem. Simulation 92(7), 601–616
(2016)
5. Talbi, E.-G.: Metaheuristics: From Design to Implementation, vol. 74. Wiley, Hoboken (2009)
6. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Review on nature-inspired algorithms. In: Operations
Research Forum, vol. 2. 3, p. 36. Springer, Cham (2021)
7. Lazarova, M., Borovska, P.: Comparison of parallel metaheuristics for solving the
TSP. In: Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Computer Systems
and Technologies and Workshop for PhD Students in Computing, pp. II-12 (2008)
8. Mei, Y., Tang, K., Yao, X.: Decomposition-based memetic algorithm for multiobjective capacitated arc routing problem. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 15(2), 151–
165 (2011). https://doi.org/10.1109/TEVC.2010.2051446
9. Osaba, E., et al.: Good practice proposal for the implementation, presentation,
and comparison of metaheuristics for solving routing problems. Neurocomputing
271, 2–8 (2018)
10. Parasteh, S., et al.: A deep averaged reinforcement learning approach for the traveling salesman problem. In: IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and
Cybernetics, SMC 2022, Prague, Czech Republic, 9–12 October 2022, pp. 2514–
2519. IEEE (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/SMC53654.2022.9945274
11. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Discrete mother tree optimization for the traveling
salesman problem. In: International Conference on Neural Information Processing,
pp. 25–37. Springer, Cham (2020)
12. Arishi, A., Krishnan, K.: A multi-agent deep reinforcement learning approach for
solving the multi-depot vehicle routing problem. J. Manage. Anal. 10(3), 493–515
(2023). https://doi.org/10.1080/23270012.2023.2229842
13. Cordeau, J.-F., Gendreau, M., Laporte, G.: A tabu search heuristic for periodic
and multi-depot vehicle routing problems. Netw. Int. J. 30(2), 105–119 (1997)
14. Subramanian, A., Uchoa, E., Ochi, L.S.: A hybrid algorithm for a class of vehicle
routing problems. Comput. Oper. Res. 40(10), 2519–2531 (2013)
15. Pisinger, D., Ropke, S.: A general heuristic for vehicle routing problems. Comput.
Oper. Res. 34(8), 2403–2435 (2007)
16. Hwang, H.-S.: An improved model for vehicle routing problem with time constraint
based on genetic algorithm. Comput. Ind. Eng. 42(2–4), 361–369 (2002)
17. Bell, J.E., McMullen, P.R.: Ant colony optimization techniques for the vehicle
routing problem. Adv. Eng. Inform. 18(1), 41–48 (2004)
18. Szeto, W.Y., Wu, Y., Ho, S.C.: An artiﬁcial bee colony algorithm for the capacitated vehicle routing problem. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 215(1), 126–135 (2011)
19. Yücenur, G.N., Demirel, N.Ç.: A new geometric shape-based genetic clustering
algorithm for the multi-depot vehicle routing problem. Expert Syst. Appl. 38(9),
11859–11865 (2011)
20. Giosa, I.D., Tansini, I.L., Viera, I.O.: New assignment algorithms for the multidepot vehicle routing problem. J. Oper. Res. Soc. 53(9), 977–984 (2002)
21. He, Y., et al.: A tabu search algorithm with variable cluster grouping for multidepot vehicle routing problem. In: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE 18th International
Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD), pp.
12–17. IEEE (2014)

Solving the Electricity Technician Dispatch Problem

187

22. Xu, J., Chiu, S.Y.: Eﬀective heuristic procedures for a ﬁeld technician scheduling
problem. J. Heurist. 7(5), 495–509 (2001)
23. Weintraub, A., Cortés, C.E., Souyris, S.: Constraint programming and column generation methods to solve the dynamic vehicle routing problem for repair services.
In: Proceedings of the Triennial Symposium on Transportation Analysis (TRISTAN) V, Guadeloupe, French West Indies (2004)
24. Kovacs, A.A., et al.: Adaptive large neighborhood search for service technician
routing and scheduling problems. J. Scheduling 15(5), 579–600 (2012)
25. Pillac, V., Gueret, C., Medaglia, A.L.: A parallel matheuristic for the technician
routing and scheduling problem. Optim. Lett. 7(7), 1525–1535 (2013)
26. Cortés, C.E., et al.: Branch-and-price and constraint programming for solving a
real-life technician dispatching problem. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 238(1), 300–312 (2014)
27. El-Yaakoubi, A., et al.: Tabu search and memetic algorithms for a real scheduling
and routing problem. Logist. Res. 10(7), 1–18 (2017)
28. Mathlouthi, I., Gendreau, M., Potvin, J.-Y.: A metaheuristic based on Tabu search
for solving a technician routing and scheduling problem. Comput. Oper. Res. 125,
105079 (2021)
29. Guastaroba, G., Côté, J.-F., Coelho, L.C.: The multi-period workforce scheduling
and routing problem. Omega 102, 102302 (2021)
30. Sadeghilalimi, M., et al.: Solving the electricity technician dispatch problem. In:
IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence SSCI Singapore (2022, to
appear)
31. Veček, N., et al.: Parameter tuning with Chess Rating System (CRSTuning) for meta-heuristic algorithms. Inf. Sci. 372, 446–469 (2016). https://doi.
org/10.1016/j.ins.2016.08.066. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/
S0020025516306430. ISSN: 0020-0255
32. Vidal, T., et al.: A hybrid genetic algorithm for multidepot and periodic vehicle
routing problems. Oper. Res. 60(3), 611–624 (2012)
33. Carrabs, F., Cerulli, R., Speranza, M.G.: A branchand- bound algorithm for
the double travelling salesman problem with two stacks. Networks 61(1),
58–75 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1002/net.21468. https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/
doi/abs/10.1002/net.21468
34. Tschoke, S., Lubling, R., Monien, B.: Solving the traveling salesman problem with
a distributed branch-and-bound algorithm on a 1024 processor network. In: Proceedings of 9th International Parallel Processing Symposium, pp. 182–189 (1995).
https://doi.org/10.1109/IPPS.1995.395930
35. Bidar, M., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Discrete ﬁreﬂy algorithm: a new metaheuristic approach for solving constraint satisfaction problems. In: 2018 IEEE Congress
on Evolutionary Computation (CEC), pp. 1–8 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/
CEC.2018.8477823
36. Abbasian, R., Mouhoub, M.: A new parallel GA-based method for constraint satisfaction problems. Int. J. Comput. Intell. Appl. 15(03), 1650017 (2016)
37. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M., Spiteri, R.J.: Mother tree optimization. In: 2019 IEEE
International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 2206–2213.
IEEE (2019)
38. Sadreddin, A., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Portfolio selection for SAT instances. In:
2022 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC),
pp. 2962–2967 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/SMC53654.2022.9945151
39. Zhang, F., et al.: Evolving scheduling heuristics via genetic programming with
feature selection in dynamic ﬂexible job-shop scheduling. IEEE Trans. Cybern.
51(4), 1797–1811 (2020)

188

H. Zaidi and M. Mouhoub

40. Bidar, M., Mouhoub, M.: Nature-inspired techniques for dynamic constraint satisfaction problems. Oper. Res. Forum 3(2), 1–33 (2022)
41. Mouhoub, M.: Systematic versus non systematic techniques for solving temporal
constraints in a dynamic environment. AI Commun. 17(4), 201–211 (2004)
42. Alanazi, E., Mouhoub, M., Halfawy, M.: A new system for the dynamic shortest
route problem. In: Benferhat, S., Tabia, K., Ali, M. (eds.) IEA/AIE 2017. LNCS
(LNAI), vol. 10350, pp. 51–60. Springer, Cham (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/
978-3-319-60042-0 6
43. Parasteh, S., et al.: A deep averaged reinforcement learning approach for the
traveling salesman problem. In: 2022 IEEE International Conference on Systems,
Man, and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 2514–2519 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/
SMC53654.2022.9945274

Exact Versus Bio-inspired Approximation
Methods for Solving Constrained
CP-Nets
Malek Mouhoub(B) , Sina Alizadeh, and Sifat E. Jahan
Department of Computer Science, University of Regina, Regina, SK, Canada
{mouhoubm,sau564,sjt588}@uregina.ca

Abstract. Eﬀective representation and understanding of user preferences play a vital role in various applications such as recommender
systems, product customization, resource allocation, conﬁguration, and
online auctions. Quantitative preferences are often represented using utility functions, while formalisms such as the semi-ring-based Constraint
Satisfaction Problem (CSP) and the Valued CSP extend the CSP framework to handle both quantitative preferences and constraints. However,
it might not always be convenient for users to quantify their preferences. A qualitative preference ordering can be more natural in these
circumstances. The Conditional Preference Network (CP-net) graphical model is designed to express users’ conditional preferences through
Conditional Preference Tables (CPTs). In many real-world combinatorial applications, conditional preferences coexist with hard constraints.
In this context, the CP-net has been extended to constraints through the
constrained CP-net (CCP-net) model. Solving the CCP-net consists in
ﬁnding a set of Pareto-optimal solutions that meet all constraints while
optimizing the qualitative preferences. Finding Pareto solutions in CCPnets using exact methods like branch and bound can be time-consuming.
Alternative methods, trading the quality of the returned solutions for the
execution time, can be found in metaheuristics, including nature-inspired
techniques. We introduce three bio-inspired methods to enhance the eﬃciency of ﬁnding Pareto solutions in CCP-nets. Additionally, we experimentally compare these techniques with those derived from an exact
method, focusing on the number of Pareto solutions identiﬁed and the
runtime performance. The results of the experiments, conducted on random CCP-net instances generated by the RB model, are reported and
discussed.
Keywords: Conditional Preference Networks · Constraint
Satisfaction · Metaheuristics · Nature-Inspired Techniques

1

Introduction

Preference and constraint often coexist in real-world applications, including
online auctions, recommender systems, resource allocation, and product conﬁguration. For example, a critical component of successfully deploying autonomous
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 189–200, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_14

190

M. Mouhoub et al.

agents is their ability to reason about user preferences. This includes representing and getting user preferences, as well as determining the best scenario based
on their preference statements. In addition, many agents operate in constrained
environments where the feasibility of a chosen scenario must also be considered.
Consider an online shopping assistant that helps the user choose a laptop.
The user may prefer a speciﬁc brand, lightweight design, with a speciﬁc CPU and
RAM capacity, screen size, and long battery life. However, constraints such as
limited budget, weight, and battery capacities that ensure compatibility between
components (e.g., a high-performance CPU requiring a larger power supply)
must also be considered. The agent must recommend a laptop conﬁguration
that meets all constraints while satisfying as many of the user’s preferences as
possible. As a second example, consider a restaurant menu assistant that helps a
user select a meal. The user may have preferences for appetizers, main courses,
and desserts but also face dietary restrictions such as avoiding allergens, a calorie
limit, or meal pairings. In addition, the user’s preferences may change depending
on the chosen appetizer or main course. The agent must recommend a menu that
adapts to these constraints and evolving preferences.
The above scenarios can be deﬁned as a preference-based constrained optimization problem, where the objective is to ﬁnd one or more solutions that are
feasible and not dominated (according to the preferences) by any other feasible
solution. Such solutions form the Pareto optimal set and identifying the latter is
generally an NP-hard problem [1]. Decision-makers typically aim to establish an
order of outcomes based on preferences. However, in multi-attribute contexts,
the number of potential outcomes forming the Pareto set grows exponentially
with the number of attributes, making it challenging to directly evaluate and
rank all possible preferences.
Addressing such problems for qualitative preferences can be achieved by
extending the CP-net framework, originally designed to manage qualitative preferences [2], to constraints between variables [3]. These additions enable the new
model (called the constrained CP-net or CCP-net) to represent both user preferences and the feasibility of outcomes, making it more eﬀective for solving constrained optimization problems. Backtracking search methods enhanced through
forward checking and full lookahead are commonly employed to determine the
feasible solutions of a CCP-net. These techniques systematically explore the
solution space while eﬃciently pruning infeasible regions based on constraint
propagation. Forward checking maintains domain consistency by pruning invalid
paths as variables are assigned values and backtracking when constraints are violated. The full look-ahead takes a broader approach, examining the impact of
assignments on all future variables to ensure constraint satisfaction. Although
computationally heavier, it oﬀers deeper pruning and greater eﬃciency in solving
constrained satisfaction problems, especially in preference-based reasoning and
optimization [4]. Two methods are used to preferentially compare two results
to determine the Pareto set in a given CCP-net: dominance testing through
ﬂipping sequence and ordering query. The ﬂipping sequence evaluates whether
one solution can be improved step-by-step to match another, while the ordering

Solving Constrained CP-Nets

191

query directly checks the preference order between the two solutions based on
the CP-net’s underlying structure and constraints.
Although backtracking techniques can guarantee the optimality of the
returned Pareto set, they often suﬀer from their exponential time cost. Alternately, metaheuristics [5] can be used as an alterative trading the quality of
the returned solutions for the running time. Metaheuristics eﬃciently search
for optimal or near-optimal solutions in complex optimization problems, balancing exploration and exploitation, and have broad applications across various
domains. Bioinspired algorithms such as Genetic Algorithms (GAs) are metaheuristics that use natural processes such as evolution, genetics, and swarming
to solve optimization problems. GAs are based on natural selection and genetics
and start with a population of chromosome-encoded solutions. A GA improves
solutions through iteration using selection, crossover, and mutation operators,
ensuring the survival of oﬀspring with the best ﬁtness.
We introduce three new GA-based models to ﬁnd Pareto solutions. Additionally, we experimentally compare these bio-inspired methods with those derived
from an exact method, focusing on the number of Pareto solutions identiﬁed and
the runtime performance. By evaluating these two metrics, we aim to assess the
trade-oﬀs between solution quality and computational performance, providing
insights into the applicability and scalability of both methods for solving CCPnets with varying levels of complexity. The results of experiments conducted
on random CCP-net instances generated by the RB model are reported and
discussed.

2

Background

2.1

Constrained Satisfaction Problems (CSPs)

A CSP is a computational problem in which the objective is to ﬁnd values for a
deﬁned set of variables subject to speciﬁed constraints such that all constraints
are satisﬁed. In a CSP, variables represent diﬀerent elements of a problem, and
their values need to be chosen from predeﬁned domains. Constraints deﬁne the
relationships or conditions that must prevail between the values of these variables. CSPs are widely applicable in various ﬁelds, including b scheduling, conﬁguration, and vehicle routing. Solving a CSP can be achieved through various
algorithms and techniques, such as backtracking, constraint propagation, and
local search methods. The complexity of solving CSPs depends on factors like
the number of variables, the structure of the constraints, and the domains of
possible values [4].
2.2

Conditional Preferences Networks (CP-Nets)

A CP-net is a graphical model to represent qualitative preference statements,
such as “I prefer A over B under the condition that X holds true” [3]. A CP-net
relies on the concept of preferential independency, which is based on the ceteris
paribus assumption–meaning “all other things being equal”. This assumption

192

M. Mouhoub et al.

provides a clear framework for interpreting user preferences [6]. A CP-net is
represented as a directed graph. In a CP-net, nodes represent attributes (or
variables) and their possible values (variable domains), whereas arcs reﬂect preference independence across features. A CP-net illustrates a partial ordering of
outcomes in a compact form. Upon eliciting preferences, the decision maker speciﬁes the variables inﬂuencing their preferences for each variable. This interdependency is captured using a directed graph, where the nodes represent variables
and the edges signify that the actual value of the parent node inﬂuences the
preferences of the child node. In a CP net, each variable X has a ceteris paribus
table (CP T (X)) that ranks diﬀerent X values based on the set of parents P a(X).
An outcome is deﬁned as a complete assignment of values to all variables within
their domains. Users typically seek to understand the preferences captured by
the CP-net, with a common query being to determine the most preferred outcome. An outcome oi dominates another outcome oj if oj can be obtained from
oi through a series of worsening ﬂips. A worsening ﬂip occurs when the value
of a variable is changed to a less preferred option, as speciﬁed in the CPT of
the variable [1]. Figure 1 shows a CP-net (graph on the left) with three variables (attributes) and its corresponding induced preference graph (on the right)
showing the ordering relations between outcomes, from the worst (x̄1 x̄2 x3 ) to
the best (x1 x2 x3 ). The CCP-net [3] is an extension of the CP-net by considering
constraints between some variables. Figure 1 illustrates a CCP-net corresponding
to the extension of the CP-net with the new constraint in red. Adding the new
constraints will make the optimal outcome of the undrelying CP-net (x1 x2 x3 )
unfeasible. As a result, there are now two Pareto optimal solutions as indicated
in the induced graph of Fig. 1.

Fig. 1. A CCP-net and its corresponding induced preference graph

2.3

Exact Methods

CSPs are well-known to be NP-hard. To address this complexity in practical
applications, various constraint propagation techniques based on local consistency algorithms have been developed [4, 7]. These techniques focus on enforcing

Solving Constrained CP-Nets

193

local consistency, typically Arc Consistency, within the constraint network both
before and during the search process. By eliminating values that are locally
inconsistent from their respective domains, these methods reduce the search
space and enable the detection of conﬂicts earlier in the search. In the context of backtracking search, two approaches are employed, distinguished by the
scope of their propagation. Forward checking (FC) [7] ensures the arc consistency incrementally during the search. Whenever a variable Xi is assigned a
value, arc consistency is enforced between Xi and any unassigned variable Xj
that is connected to Xi by a constraint c(Xi , Xj ). This process dynamically
removes inconsistent values from the domains of variables linked to Xi , thereby
pruning the search space as assignments are made. Maintaining Arc Consistency
(MAC) [7] expands FC by enforcing Arc Consistency across all unassigned variables, rather than limiting propagation to those directly connected to the most
recently assigned variable. While this broader propagation requires more computational eﬀort, it results in more comprehensive pruning, making it particularly
advantageous in highly constrained problems. Both FC and MAC play a crucial
role in improving the eﬃciency of backtracking search by reducing the search
space and identifying inconsistencies early, ultimately facilitating more eﬀective
solutions to CSPs.
2.4

Identifying Pareto Solutions in CCP-Nets

.
Solving a CCP-net is particularly challenging because the most preferred outcome of th eunderlying CP-net may not always satisfy the given constraints and
we have to look for the next best which cannot be unique (Parto set). A practical
approach to address this issue is to integrate constraint propagation techniques
into the backtracking search process. These techniques identify inconsistencies
earlier in the search, preventing the algorithm from exploring decisions that
would ultimately lead to infeasible outcomes.
The constraint propagation methods used include enforcing Arc Consistency
(AC) prior to search and using Forward Checking (FC) or Maintaining Arc
Consistency (MAC) during the search process [7–9]. AC reduces the search space
by pruning inconsistent values before the search begins, while FC and MAC
ensure dynamic consistency as the search progresses. Importantly, both FC and
MAC preserve all feasible solutions within the search space, ensuring that the
solving method remains complete and does not eliminate any valid outcomes.
A Pareto solution in a multi-objective optimization problem is a feasible outcome that cannot be improved in any objective without sacriﬁcing performance
in at least one other objective. In other words, it is a feasible solution where no
other feasible solution dominates it (N : N |= o1 > o2 , or N |= o2 > o1 ,), meaning no other solution is better in all objectives simultaneously. If there is no way
to prove that o1 is more preferred than o2 or vice versa (i.e., N = o1 > o2 and
N = o2 > o1 ), then both o1 and o2 can be considered Pareto solutions. This is
because neither outcome dominates the other, and both remain non-dominated
within the context of the given total CP-net N .

194

M. Mouhoub et al.

2.5

Flipping Sequence

The ﬂipping sequence is an approach to determining Pareto solutions in a CCPnet by iteratively improving a given outcome until no further improvement is
possible [10]. It starts by comparing two outcomes, o1 and o2 , where the goal
is to determine whether one outcome dominates the other or if both are nondominated. This is achieved by systematically ﬂipping variable values in o2 to
align with o1 , following the preference ordering deﬁned by the CCP-net. The
process begins with the rightmost variable in o2 and evaluates whether ﬂipping
its value, based on the conditional preference table (CPT), brings it closer to o1
without violating constraints. If such a ﬂip is possible, the variable is updated,
and the process proceeds to the next variable toward the left. The ﬂipping continues until either o2 matches o1 , proving that o2 is dominated by o1 , or no further
improvements can be made, indicating that o2 is a non-dominated outcome. If
o2 is non-dominated by o1 , the process is repeated in reverse, where o1 is compared to o2 using the same ﬂipping mechanism. If neither outcome dominates the
other after both comparisons, they are both considered Pareto solutions. This
method systematically explores dominance relationships and ensures that only
non-dominated solutions are included in the Pareto set, providing an eﬃcient
way to handle multi-objective optimization in CCP-nets.

3

Pareto Solutions Based on GAs

The proposed model can solve CCP-nets using GAs. To the best of our knowledge, although there is a study focusing on learning CP-nets using evolutionary
methods, no prior studies have reported on applying metaheuristics for CCPnets. To illustrate the proposed technique, we use the CCP-net depicted in Fig. 2.
The constraints are shown using the incompatible tuples (highlighted in red).
For example, if X0 has a value of X00 then X2 cannot be X21. The CCP-net
has four feasible solutions include two Pareto optimal outcomes.
The proposed score-based model is shown in Fig. 3, with the branch on the
left side illustrated in detail. The ﬁrst step is to create the dependency graph of
CP-net. The dependency relations are inferred from the dependency graph. The
dependency relations are then used to calculate the ﬁtness using the preference
table. The creation of constraint tables is the following stage, which is reliant
on the constraints speciﬁed with the provided CP-net. Chromosome encoding is
deﬁned using the standard GA methodology, applying the two-point crossover,
the random bit-ﬂip mutation, and rank selection. For the latter, chromosomes are
ranked based on their ﬁtness value and the highest-ﬁt chromosomes are chosen
for the next generation. The ﬁtness function, of a given outcome, corresponds to
the sum of both the violated constraints and the number of improving ﬂips to
the optimal outcome.

4

GA-Based Pareto Dominance

The Pareto dominance (population-based) technique consists of storing nondominated solutions so far from the population. The main idea is to save Pareto-

Solving Constrained CP-Nets

195

Fig. 2. Sample CCP-net

optimal or non-dominated solutions found in each iteration. Population-based
approaches are popular in Multi-Objective Optimization (MOO) problems and
have shown successful results. One of the most famous algorithms is the Strength
Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm (SPEA), which focuses on ﬁnding a diverse set
of solutions while maintaining a strong emphasis on Pareto optimality [11, 12].
SPEA provides an ideal balance between exploration and exploitation by including strength-based ﬁtness assignments and keeping an external library of nondominated solutions. Its goal is to identify a wide range of optimum solutions
in several competing objectives. The Population-based approach oﬀers several
notable advantages in MOO and preference-based networks. the approach promotes solution diversity by maintaining a varied set of candidates, which is
essential for eﬀectively addressing multi-objective challenges. Furthermore, GAs
exhibit a reduced tendency to converge prematurely on local optima, thereby
facilitating extensive exploration of the solution space. This approach is also
adept at identifying solutions that closely approximate the true Pareto front. In
addition, its population-based framework enables parallel exploration of multiple
solutions, enhancing its eﬃciency and eﬀectiveness in optimization tasks. For the
CCP-net evaluation, the proposed Pareto-dominance model can be visualized in
the middle of Fig. 3.
The GA-based Pareto dominance starts with a randomly generated population. The ﬂipping sequence technique is then applied to ﬁnd the non-dominated
solutions and remove the dominated ones from the population. The mutation
and crossover operators are the same as for the previous method. For selection,
for each iteration, random weights are applied to the individuals. Among them,
a random number of individuals are selected. The algorithm continues with the
new population that contains the newly generated solutions and the chosen parents.

196

M. Mouhoub et al.

Fig. 3. GA-based Models

5

Pareto Solutions Based on Non-dominated Sorting GA

Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA-II) [13] is a widely used
MOO algorithm that balances convergence and diversity by dividing solutions
into Pareto fronts and maintaining diversity within each front using a crowding
distance metric, preserving high-quality solutions between generations. The proposed NSGA-II model for CCP-nets is shown in the right branch of Fig. 3. The
method starts with a randomly generated population and has two objectives:
maximize the improvement ﬂip score, denoted as f1 (x) for a given outcome x,
and minimize the number of violated constraints, denoted by f2 (x). The population is sorted into Pareto fronts using non-dominated sorting after the ﬁtness
values are obtained, giving preference to solutions in lower-ranked fronts with
stronger dominance. Equation 1 shows the Pareto dominance notion that states
that outcome A dominates outcome B if it is superior in at least one objective.
A ≺ B ⇐⇒

fi (A) ≤ fi (B)
fi (A) < fi (B)

for all i ∈ {1, 2},
for at least one i ∈ {1, 2}.

(1)

Solving Constrained CP-Nets

197

Solutions within each front are further ranked using a crowding distance
metric for diversity and deﬁned as follows. The crowding distance di for a solution
i in a Pareto front is deﬁned in Eq. 2.
2

di =

fp (i + 1) − fp (i − 1)
fpmax − fpmin
p=1

(2)

where:
– fp (i + 1): Value of the p-th objective for the next solution in the sorted list
– fp (i − 1): Value of the p-th objective for the previous solution in the sorted
list
– fpmax : Maximum value of the p-th objective in the current Pareto front
– fpmin : Minimum value of the p-th objective in the current Pareto front
For boundary solutions: d1 = dN = ∞ where N is the number of solutions on
the Pareto front. To ensure that no good solutions are lost, NSGA-II selects the
best solutions for the next generation by combining the populations of parents
and oﬀspring (2 × population size). The GA operators are then used in the following ways. The crossover and mutation operators followed the same technique
as previous approaches, but the selection operator uses the binary tournament,
where it prefers solutions in lower-ranked fronts and breaks ties using the crowding distance (where solutions with larger distances are preferred). The ﬁnal set
of solutions is further evaluated using the ﬂipping sequence method to ensure
only Pareto solutions are retained.

6

Experimentation

To evaluate the performance of the three proposed GA-based methods (GA
score-based, Pareto-dominance based GA, and NSGA-II), we conducted a set
of experiments using CCP-net instances generated using a variant of the RB
model [9, 14]. We also use an exact method, based on branch-and-bound, for
comparative purposes. In the exact method, we apply constraint propagation
(Arc Consistency, or AC) at two stages: initially, to pre-process the CCP-net
instance by pruning inconsistent values from the domains, and dynamically during the search process through Forward Checking or Maintaining Arc Consistency (MAC) [4, 9]. This dual application of AC ensures that the search space
is continuously reﬁned, preventing the exploration of infeasible solutions and
improving the overall eﬃciency of the search process. Furthermore, to determine
the Pareto solutions, we applied the Flipping Sequence method, which compares
and improves the outcomes based on the conditional preference structure of the
CP-net. This approach ensures that only non-dominated solutions are retained,
accurately identifying the set of Pareto-optimal outcomes while respecting both
the preferences and hard constraints of the problem. The experimental results
present the number of solutions obtained, along with the execution time required

198

M. Mouhoub et al.

Table 1. Comparison of Score-based GA, Pareto dominance-based GA, NSGA-II and
an Exact Method

Variables

Score-based GA
Pareto dominance
Pop(20)
Pop(50)
Pop(100)
Pop(20)
Pop(50)
Pop(100)
time quality time quality time quality time quality time quality time quality

2

0.095

100

0.045

100

0.077

100

0.014

100

0.133

100

0.277

100

3

0.21

100

0.095

100

0.189

100

1.78

100

10.63

100

49.25

100

4

0.39

100

0.17

100

0.37

100

6.18

100

28.48

100

45.71

100

5

291.92 96.3

6

578.82 85.37 240.32 65.85

Variables

169.1 81.48 212.58 96.3 987.67 100 1222.64 96.3 4683.61 100
453

85.37 395.63 87.80 412.17 68.29 1437.23 75.61

NSGA-II
Exact method
Pop(20)
Pop(50)
Pop(100)
Num of time
time quality time quality time quality Pareto sols

2

0.15

100

0.09

100

0.26

100

1

0.01

3

0.25

100

0.15

100

0.35

100

2

0.01

4

0.62

100

0.30

100

0.58

100

3

0.12

5

731.74 85.19 229.23 92.59 264.88 92.59

27

492.74

6

132.51 73.17 79.95

41

626.55

87.8 341.82 92.68

for each algorithm. The CCP-net instances are randomly generated based on the
RB model.
Table 1 highlights the diﬀerences between the GA-based methods and the
exact method in terms of the number of identiﬁed Pareto solutions and their
respective running times. As the number of variables increases, both the number
of Pareto solutions and the related running time grow signiﬁcantly. For example,
with only two variables, the process quickly ﬁnds a Pareto solution in just 0.01 s.
When the problem size increases to 3 variables, the number of Pareto solutions
doubles to 2, and the running time only slightly increases to 0.01 s. However,
with 4 variables, the number of Pareto solutions jumps to 3, and the running
time increases more dramatically to 0.12 s. For 5 variables, the number of Pareto
solutions explodes to 27, and the running time sharply rises to 492.74 s. Finally,
for 6 variables, the number of Pareto solutions explodes to 41, and the running
time sharply rises to 626.55 s. This trend demonstrates how the combination of
forward-checking and ﬂipping sequence methods, while eﬀective in small problems, faces computational challenges as the number of variables increases. The
increase in both the number of solutions and the time required is due to the
growing complexity of the relationships between the variables, making it harder
to explore all possible solutions eﬃciently. As more variables are introduced,
the search space becomes larger, and the exact method, though accurate, takes
longer to compute the Pareto set. This suggests that while forward-checking and
ﬂipping sequence methods work well for small- to medium-sized problems, they
may need more time or alternative approaches for larger problems where time
eﬃciency becomes a concern.

Solving Constrained CP-Nets

199

GA-based methods ﬁnd more solutions as the population size increases. The
NSGA-II approach runs much faster, with execution times staying very low for
smaller CCP-nets and increasing optimally for larger ones. For example, the
execution time for six variables is 79.95 (the lowest among all) with a population
size of 50 and the quality is around 87.8%, which is acceptable compared to the
other two methods. The Pareto dominance-based method demonstrated superior
solution quality compared to the score-based GA and NSGA-II for 5 variables,
as indicated in Table 1. Although this approach required a longer execution time,
primarily due to the need to evaluate ﬂipping sequences in each iteration. On
the other hand, the execution time of the approximate methods is accelerated
by increasing the population size, however, it can achieve better solution quality.
Compared to the exact method, all three GA-based approaches showed strong
performance. The quality of the solution for smaller datasets (2, 3, and 4) reached
100%, while for larger datasets, it ranged between 85% and 92%. These ﬁndings
underscore the eﬃcacy of approximate methods in solving CCP-nets, demonstrating their potential to handle larger, more complex CCP-net instances. This
shows that while the GA method is much quicker and can ﬁnd many solutions,
the exact method takes more time because the approach checks any possible
solution (with respect to infeasible solutions) to ﬁnd the Pareto solutions. The
GA-based method is faster and works well for larger problems, ﬁnding more
solutions quickly. However, the exact method takes more time but is more precise and ensures that all possible solutions are thoroughly explored. If speed is
important, GA is better, but for accuracy, the exact method is more reliable.

7

Conclusion

We explore exact and GA-based approximation methods to ﬁnd Pareto solutions
of CCP-nets. The results of the experiments we conducted show that while the
proposed GA-based methods are signiﬁcantly faster and more scalable in ﬁnding
Pareto solutions, especially for larger CCP-nets, they may miss some Pareto
solutions due to their heuristic nature. On the other hand, exact methods provide
all the Pareto optimal solutions by thoroughly exploring all possible solutions,
but they suﬀer from their inherited exponential running time. This trade-oﬀ
highlights the strengths and weaknesses of each approach based on the quality
of the returned solutions and the corresponding running time.
In the near future, we will explore other nature-inspired techniques [5,15, 16].
We will also consider variants of the CCP-nets, such as constrained trade-oﬀ CPnets [17,18], Constrained LP-Trees [19], and Constrained Probabilistic CP-nets
[20].

References
1. Prestwich, S., Rossi, F., Venable, K.B., Walsh, T., et al.: Constraint-based preferential optimization. In: AAAI, vol. 5, pp. 461–466 (2005)

200

M. Mouhoub et al.

2. Boutilier, C., Brafman, R.I., Domshlak, C., Hoos, H.H., Poole, D.: CP-nets: a tool
for representing and reasoning withconditional ceteris paribus preference statements. J. Artif. Intell. Res. 21, 135–191 (2004)
3. Boutilier, C., Brafman, R.I., Domshlak, C., Hoos, H.H., Poole, D.: Preference-based
constrained optimization with CP-nets. Comput. Intell. 20(2), 137–157 (2004)
4. Dechter, R.: Constraint Processing. Morgan Kaufmann (2003)
5. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Review on nature-inspired algorithms. In: Operations
Research Forum, vol. 2, p. 36. Springer, Cham (2021)
6. Brafman, R.I., Dimopoulos, Y.: A new look at the semantics and optimization
methods of CP-networks. In: IJCAI, pp. 1033–1038. Citeseer (2003)
7. Mackworth, A.K.: Consistency in networks of relations. Artif. Intell. 8(1), 99–118
(1977)
8. Alanazi, E., Mouhoub, M.: Arc consistency for CP-nets under constraints. In:
Twenty-Fifth International FLAIRS Conference (2012)
9. Alanazi, E., Mouhoub, M.: Variable ordering and constraint propagation for constrained CP-nets. Appl. Intell. 44, 437–448 (2016)
10. Boutilier, C., Brafman, R., Geib, C., Poole, D.: A constraint-based approach to
preference elicitation and decision making. In: AAAI Spring Symposium on Qualitative Decision Theory, pp. 19–28. Citeseer (1997)
11. Zitzler, E., Thiele, L.: An evolutionary algorithm for multiobjective optimization:
the strength pareto approach. TIK report 43 (1998)
12. Zitzler, E.: Spea2: improving the strength pareto evolutionary algorithm (2001)
13. Deb, K., Pratap, A., Agarwal, S., Meyarivan, T.: A fast and elitist multiobjective
genetic algorithm: NSGA-II. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 6(2), 182–197 (2002)
14. Xu, K., Li, W.: Exact phase transitions in random constraint satisfaction problems.
J. Artif. Intell. Res. 12, 93–103 (2000)
15. Sadreddin, A., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Portfolio selection for sat instances. In:
2022 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC),
pp. 2962–2967 (2022)
16. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M., Spiteri, R.J.: Mother tree optimization. In: 2019 IEEE
International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 2206–2213.
IEEE (2019)
17. Brafman, R.I., Domshlak, C.: TCP-nets for preference-based product conﬁguration. In: Proceedings of the Forth Workshop on Conﬁguration (in ECAI-02), pp.
101–106 (2002)
18. Zhang, S., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Integrating TCP-nets and CSPs: the constrained TCP-net (CTCP-net) model. In: Ali, M., Kwon, Y.S., Lee, C.-H., Kim,
J., Kim, Y. (eds.) IEA/AIE 2015. LNCS (LNAI), vol. 9101, pp. 201–211. Springer,
Cham (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-19066-2 20
19. Ahmed, S., Mouhoub, M.: Constrained LP-trees. In: 2019 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 2952–2958 (2019)
20. Fidha, S.E., Mouhoub, M., Ben Amor, N., Alanazi, E.: Representing and reasoning
with constrained PCP-nets. In: 2017 IEEE International Conference on Systems,
Man, and Cybernetics (SMC), pp. 1007–1012 (2017)

Dependent Task Oﬄoading
in Cloud-Edge-End Environments
with Communication Heterogeneity
Guochen Zhang, Ya Zhao, and Chaoli Sun(B)
Taiyuan University of Science and Technology, Taiyuan 030024, China
s202220110923@stu.tyust.edu.cn, chaoli.sun@tyust.edu.cn

Abstract. With the increasing volume of data and diverse user requirements, the cloud-edge-end architecture must adapt ﬂexibly to address
these challenges. However, many existing studies overlook the complexities of heterogeneous networks and task dependencies, leading to a mismatch between computational models and real-world applications. This
paper addresses these issues by considering heterogeneity, diversity, and
dependencies. We ﬁrst establish a heterogeneous computing environment,
and model the complex task dependencies using a directed acyclic graph
(DAG). We then propose an improved evolutionary algorithm for task
oﬄoading and resource allocation. Experimental results show that our
method enhances resource utilization and overall system performance in
heterogeneous environments.
Keywords: Heterogeneous cloud-edge-end collaborative computing ·
Task oﬄoading · Genetic algorithm

1

Introduction

The rapid growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) has boosted the demand for
data processing, but IoT devices, with limited resources, often struggle to handle
compute-intensive tasks eﬃciently [1]. Cloud computing addresses data explosion
by oﬄoading tasks to powerful remote servers. However, it faces challenges like
high transmission latency, unsuitable for latency-sensitive tasks [2], and network
congestion due to large data transfers [3]. Edge computing has emerged as a
promising solution, bringing computation closer to data sources through edge
servers [4]. To address these limitations, cloud-edge-end collaborative computing
has gained attention, combining the strengths of cloud, edge, and end devices to
optimize performance, reduce latency, and enhance resource utilization.
Task oﬄoading is a key technology in cloud-edge-end computing. Diﬀerent
computing nodes have varying resource allocations, and users face diﬀering levels
of diﬃculty when uploading data to these nodes [5]. Thus, a key challenge in
task oﬄoading research is determining whether, how much, and where to oﬄoad
tasks.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 201–212, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_15

202

G. Zhang et al.

The task oﬄoading problem has received signiﬁcant attention, but most studies, such as [6,7], focus on independent tasks, with few [8] addressing task dependencies, typically in single-device scenarios. As applications become more complex, task dependencies often span multiple devices. This paper addresses these
gaps by considering diverse user requests in a heterogeneous environment, focusing on oﬄoading dependent tasks and optimizing resource allocation to improve
scheduling eﬃciency.
In summary, We propose a three-tier heterogeneous network that includes
resource-constrained user devices, densely distributed edge servers, and a cloud
server, accounting for variations in computation and communication resources.
Task dependencies are modeled using a DAG, and novel models for tasks, communication, and computation are established to maximize scheduling eﬃciency.
We introduce a hierarchical scheduling strategy: local devices prioritize tasks that
enable rapid initiation of subsequent ones, while edge servers use CPU-demandbased priority scheduling, defaulting to ﬁrst-come-ﬁrst-served when demands
are equal, ensuring both fairness and eﬃciency. Additionally, we propose an
enhanced genetic algorithm to solve this problem. Experimental results show
that our approach outperforms existing methods in cloud-edge-end collaboration scenarios with task dependencies.

2

Related Work

In task oﬄoading research, tasks are typically classiﬁed as independent or dependent. Most studies focus on independent tasks. For example, [9] optimized content caching and task oﬄoading to minimize delay and energy consumption,
while [10] proposed an eﬃcient ﬁreﬂy algorithm for task scheduling in cloudedge computing. Other studies, such as [11–13], also explore independent task
oﬄoading.
Recently, there has been more focus on task dependencies. For instance,
[14] modeled dependent task oﬄoading as a Markov decision process and used
an actor-critic method, while [15] applied graph attention networks and deep
reinforcement learning to solve the problem. Other works [16] and [17] explored
dependent task oﬄoading in vehicle-edge-cloud and mobility contexts. However,
most studies still address dependencies within a single device, overlooking the
inter-dependencies that span across multiple devices in real-world scenarios.
Resource heterogeneity in task scheduling has been a growing focus of
recent research. For example, a group-based multi-task scheduling strategy was
proposed in [18] to optimize task allocation. Another study [19] developed a
heuristic algorithm to eﬃciently schedule tasks on servers with heterogeneous
resources. However, these studies often overlook the heterogeneity of communication resources and the complexity of communication processes in cloud-edgeend environments. To address these limitations, our work not only considers
bandwidth heterogeneity but also takes into account the selection of relay nodes
between end devices and cloud servers.

Dependent Multi-task Oﬄoading

3

System Model

3.1

Network Model

203

As shown in Fig. 1, we propose a cloud-edge-end collaborative computing oﬄoading framework, comprising the cloud server layer, the edge server layer, and
the device layer, with signiﬁcant heterogeneity in resource distribution. The
device set is deﬁned as .D = {1, 2, 3, ..., i..., N }, and the edge server set is
.E = {e1 , e2 , e3 , ..., em , ..., eM }. And there is only one cloud server, denoted as .C.
We assume that .pdi represents the processing power of device .i, while .pe denotes
the computing capacity of each edge server. In contrast, the cloud is assumed to
have nearly unlimited resources, represented by .pc .
3.2

Task Model

Let .Ai = {1, 2..., j, ...Qi } denote the set of tasks for device .i. The total system
task set is deﬁned as .A = {A1 , A2 , ..., AN }, where the number of tasks varies
across devices. Tasks within the same device exhibit dependencies. Additionally,
tasks across diﬀerent devices are also likely to be interdependent [20]. There are
two main types of dependencies: data dependencies, where a task requires the
output of a preceding task as part of its input data, and control dependencies,
where the completion of one task triggers the next. In the latter case, only
minimal task status information is transmitted, so we ignore it. We denote the
dependency type between two tasks as .δkz,ij . When .δkz,ij = 1, it indicates a data
dependency between task .k of device .z and task .j of device .i. When .δkz,ij = 0,
it signiﬁes a control dependency.

wired
communication
wireless
communication

Cloud

Edge
Server

4
Edge

1

2
5

Smart
Smart Factory Home

Intellig
ent
Transpor
tatio

n

Smar
Wearablt
es

3

End

7
Fig. 1. Cloud-Edge-End collaborative computing network.

6

Fig. 2. An example of a DAG.

We use a DAG .G = (V, Y ) to describe the dependency relationships between
tasks. The node set .V = {ai,1 , ..., ai,Q1 , ..., aN,QN } includes all tasks on devices,
while .Y represents directed edges showing task dependencies. We deﬁne the set
of all predecessors of .ai,q as .pred(ai,q ), and its descendants as .succ(ai,q ). The

204

G. Zhang et al.

set .End consists of all termination nodes, while .N End contains non-termination
nodes. Figure 2 shows a DAG with 7 tasks. Task 5 has tasks 2 and 3 as predecessors, meaning it cannot start until both are completed. Task 6 is the successor
of task 5 and can only begin after task 5 ﬁnishes.
3.3

Communication Model

In the cloud-edge-end collaborative computing, heterogeneity is evident in computational and communication capabilities. Data exchange between devices and
edge servers mainly occurs via wireless communication [21], Communication
between edge servers and the cloud relies on a ﬁxed data transmission rate .R.
We focus on channel heterogeneity. More powerful devices support larger
bandwidths for faster data transmission, while less powerful ones use lower bandwidths for stability. Ignoring channel interference, the data transmission rate .Ra,b
is deﬁned by Shannon’s formula as:
Pa Ga,b
),
(1)
σ2
where .Ba is the maximum channel transmission bandwidth supported by device
2
.a, .Pa is the transmission power, and .σ is the power of Gaussian white noise.
The channel gain .Ga,b is given by:
Ra,b (a = b) = Ba log2 (1 +

.

Ga,b = Gd0 + 10nlg

.

dista,b
,
d0

(2)

where .Gd0 is the path loss at reference distance .d0 , .n is the path loss exponent,
and .dista,b is the distance between nodes, highlighting their heterogeneity.
We assume that .ak,z ∈ pred(ai,j ). The data transmission for task .ai,j is:
tx,y
= ty,x
ai,j =
i,j

. a

Rx,y =

.

Data
, Data ∈ {Ii,j , Ok,z },
Rx,y

(3)

Rx,eh , x ∈ D ∪ E, y = eh , h ∈ [1, M ]
R,
x ∈ E, y = c,

where .x and .y are two nodes, and .Rx,y is the transmission rate between them.
Data represents the amount of data transferred. The rate between local devices
and edge servers, and between edge servers, is .Rx,eh .

.

3.4

Computation Model

We deﬁne task .ai,j using the set .{Ii,j , Si,j , Oi,j }, where .Ii,j represents the input
data size for task .ai,j , .Si,j is its computational density (i.e., the number of CPU
cycles required per bit of data), and .Oi,j is the output data size. The decision
variable for task .ai,j is .xi,j ∈ {0, 1, ...M, M + 1}. Speciﬁcally, .xi,j = 0 means the
task is executed locally, .xi,j ∈ {1, 2, ...M } means the task is oﬄoaded to the corresponding edge server, and .xi,j = M +1 means the task is oﬄoaded to the cloud.
The oﬄoading decision for device .i is represented by .Xi = {xi,1 , xi,2 , ..., xi,Qi }
and the system oﬄoading decision vector is .X = {X1 , X2 , ...XN }.

Dependent Multi-task Oﬄoading

205

Data Upload Time. Before execution, a task must upload its source data.
Since direct communication between devices and the cloud often faces challenges,
edge servers serve as relays. When transferring tasks from a local device to the
cloud, we use the following formula to identify the least-loaded relay edge server.
N

C =

. 3

Q

pre
n
e(b) = n=1 q=1
I(xu,d = b, Tud
≤ t), b ∈ [1, M ], au,d ∈
/ F T,
∗
b = arg min{e(b) | b ∈ [1, M ]},

(4)

pre
where .I(·) is the indicator function, .Tzd
represents the preparation time of task
.az,d , and .F T is the set of completed tasks. .e(b) denotes the number of unﬁnished
tasks oﬄoaded to edge server .eb that are ready for execution by time .t. The edge
server with the smallest load is denoted as .b∗ and .eb∗ serves as the relay node.
We denote the source data upload time of the task .ai,j as follows:
⎧
⎪
xi,j = 0,
⎨0,
upload
i,e
h
.Tij
= tai,j ,
(5)
xi,j = h, h ∈ [1, M ],
⎪
⎩ i,eb∗
∗ ,c
, xi,j = M + 1, C3 ,
tai,j + teabi,j

when a task is executed locally, no source data needs to be uploaded. If the task
is executed in the cloud, we use (4) to select the relay edge server.
Data Transmission Time. If both dependent tasks are executed at the same
location, the transmission time is considered negligible. We assume that .ak,z ∈
tran
represents the transmission
pred(ai,j )(k = i), For example, .xhi,j = 1, then .Tkz,ij
time between tasks .ai,j and .ak,z , calculated as follows:
⎧ k,e
h
xk,z = 0;
⎪
⎪tak,z ,
⎪
⎨0,
xk,z = h1 , h1 = h;
tran
.Tkz,ij =
eh1 ,eh
⎪tak,z , xk,z = h1 , h1 = h;
⎪
⎪
⎩ c,eh
xk,z = c.
tak,z ,

(6)

In the ﬁrst and fourth cases, task .ak,z , which requires the transmission of output
data, is executed locally and in the cloud, respectively. In the second case, it runs
on the same edge server as another task, while in the third case, it does not.
Task Preparation Time. Task preparation time depends on three key factors:
task dependencies, data transmission time, and source data upload. A task can
start only when it has received data from the most recently completed predecessor with data dependencies, all predecessors with control dependencies are
completed, and its source data is fully uploaded. It is calculated by:
⎧
⎫
tran
max
{AF Ts + Ts,ij
},⎪
⎪
⎨ as ∈pred(a
⎬
i,j )∧δs,j =1
pre
.Tij
= max
(7)
⎪
max
AF Tg , Tijupload . ⎪
⎩
⎭
ag ∈pred(ai,j )∧δg,j =0

206

G. Zhang et al.

Task Waiting Time. A task’s waiting time is the interval from when it is
ready to execute until completion. In our scheduling strategy, local devices prioritize tasks that enable the earlier start of subsequent tasks, while edge servers
prioritize tasks with lower CPU requirements. We will discuss the waiting time
for tasks executed on local devices and edge servers separately.
When .xi,j = 0, the waiting time .Twait is deﬁned as follows:
0,
if ranksuccai,j = 1,
AF Tranksuccai,j −1 , else,

T wait =

. ij

(8)

s.t. xi,j = i, ranksuccai,j −1 ∈
/ F T.

.

We ﬁrst sort all ready tasks with .xi,j = i in ascending order based on the
number of their direct successors, .|succ(ai,j )|. The position of task .ai,j in the
sorted list is recorded as .ranksuccai,j . When .ranksuccai,j = 1, task .ai,j has
the most direct successors and is executed ﬁrst. The waiting time for remaining
tasks is determined by the completion time of the previous task in the sorted
list, .AF Tranksuccai,j −1 .
Next, we calculate the waiting time when .xi,j = eh . based on the total input
data volume, we sort all ready tasks on the edge server in ascending order. The
position of task .ai,j in the sorted list is recorded as .ranktotinai,j = 1. The
waiting time .Tijwait is then deﬁned as:
ranktotinai,j −1
wait
.Tij
= Tijpre +

comp
Tkz
,

(9)

ra=1

s.t. ranktotin_ak,z < ranktotin_ai,j , ak,z ∈
/ F T.

.

The ﬁrst part, .Tijpre , is the earliest theoretical start time, while the second part
is the sum of the execution times of all preceding tasks in the ready task list.
Task Execution Time. We assume that .ak,z ∈ pred(ai,j ) and .δkz,ij = 1. When
task .ai,j is executed locally or oﬄoaded to the cloud, the execution time .Tijcomp
can be formulated as:
⎧
Qk
N
⎨ Ii,j ·Si,j + n=1 q=1 Ok,z ·Sk,z , x = i,
i,j
comp
pdi
(10)
.Tij
=
Qk
O
·S
⎩ Ii,j ·Si,j + N
k,z
k,z
q=1
n=1
, xi,j = M + 1.
pc
The total computational workload of .ai,j includes its source data, .Ii,j · Si,j , and
the output data from all predecessor tasks with data dependencies.
When task .ai,j is executed on the edge server .eh , we use a time-sliced CPU
scheduling and resource allocation mechanism, where the time slice length is .θ.
During the interval .[t, θ + t], the set of ready tasks across all edge servers is .R(t):
.

R(t) = {ai,j | a ∈ pred(ai,j ) : AF Ta ≤ t,
/ F T },
xi,j ∈ [1, M ], ∀ Tijpre ≤ t, ai,j ∈

(11)

Dependent Multi-task Oﬄoading

207

where .∀a ∈ pred(ai,j ) : AF Ta ≤ t means that all predecessor of task .ai,j have
been completed by time .t, and task .ai,j is not yet completed but is ready. For
any task .ai,j ∈ R(t), the CPU resources allocated to it during .[t, t + θ] are:
r(i, j, [t, t + θ]) = pe · θ.

(12)

.

It represents the number of CPU cycles the edge server can provide during the
period. Therefore, the actual execution time of task .ai,j can be calculated as:

.

Tijcomp =

N
n=1

Ii,j · Si,j +

Qk
q=1 Ok,z · Sk,z

r(i, j, [t, t + θ])
s.t. xi,j ∈ [1, M ], ak,z ∈ pred(ai,j ), δkz,ij = 1.

(13)

From the above, the completion time of task .ai,j can be calculated by:
AF Ti,j = Tijpre + Tijwait + Tijcomp .

(14)

.

To calculate the system’s total ﬁnish time, we focus on the completed task,
which have no successors in the task dependency graph. The formula is as follows:
SF T =

.

3.5

max AF Tk,z .

(15)

ak,z ∈End

Problem Formulation

In this paper, we investigate dependent task oﬄoading in heterogeneous computing environments. We propose a index .SE that evaluates both the system’s
total ﬁnish time .SF T and the edge server resource utilization rate .ERU .
.SF T is calculated using (15), and we normalize it as follows:
N ormSF T =

.

SF T − M IN SF T
,
M AXSF T − M IN SF T

(16)

where .M IN SF T is the shortest completion time of all tasks in the system and
M AXSF T is calculated by the following formula:

.

M AXSF T =

.

N
i=1

M
j=1 Ii,j · Si,j

mind∈D pd

.

(17)

The denominator is the smallest processing capacity among all computing nodes.
We deﬁne the edge server resource utilization rate .ERU as follows:
comp
i∈D,j∈A Tij

ERU =

.

max AF Tu,v

, xu,v ∈ [1, M ],

(18)

where .max AF Tu,v is the longest execution time of all tasks oﬄoaded to edge.
Therefore, we deﬁne the scheduling eﬃciency .SE as:
SE =

.

1
+ ERU.
N ormSF T

(19)

208

G. Zhang et al.

Finally, we formulate the problem as:
.

max SE

(20)

X

s.t.

.

C1 : xi,j ∈ {0, 1, 2, . . . , M, M + 1}, i ∈ D, j ∈ A;
C2 : δkz,ij ∈ {0, 1}, pred(ai,j ) = ∅, ak,z ∈ pred(ai,j );
C3 : (7), (8), (9), (10), (13);
C4 : (14), (15);
C5 : xi,1 = 0, xi,Qi = 0,

i ∈ D,

Qi = card(Ai );

C6 : (16), (17). (18). (19),
C1 deﬁnes the range of the oﬄoading decision variable .xi,j for task .ai,j . C2
denotes the dependency type between tasks .ai,j and .ak,z . C3 covers the preparation, waiting, and execution times. C4 includes the completion time of .ai,j and
the system’s total completion time. C5 ensures that the ﬁrst and last tasks of
each device are executed locally. C6 includes the evaluation metrics.

4

Algorithms

Given the complex interdependencies among tasks, ﬁnding an optimal oﬄoading solution is challenging. To address this, we propose an enhanced evolutionary algorithm. Genetic Algorithm is a global search and optimization method
inspired by the principles of biological evolution [22].
We use an integer encoding strategy to encode. The chromosome length is
N
determined by the total number of tasks across all devices, given by . i=1 Qi .
Each task can be executed locally, oﬄoaded to an edge server, or uploaded to
the cloud for execution. Thus, the value range for each gene is [0, M+1].
To generate a high-quality initial population, we propose a hybrid initialization strategy. First, we calculate the average computation time of all tasks.
Then, a portion of the population oﬄoads tasks based on heuristic rules: tasks
above the average cost are sent to the cloud, tasks below half the average remain
on the local device, and the rest are oﬄoaded to the edge server. The remaining
tasks are assigned randomly. Through multiple tests in a scenario with 100 tasks
and 500 dependencies, we found that a heuristic initialization ratio of 0.3, as
shown in Table 1, produces the best performance.
Table 1. Comparison of Diﬀerent Initialization Ratios
Rate SE

Rate SE

Rate SE

0.1 22.65 0.4 23.20 0.7 24.45
0.2 24.12 0.5 23.43 0.8 25.06
0.3 26.21 0.6 23.18 0.9 25.04

Dependent Multi-task Oﬄoading

209

We combine (19) and (20) to give the ﬁtness function:
F (X) =

.

1
+ ERUX .
N ormSF TX

(21)

The selection operation selects some excellent individuals from the current
population and passes their genetic information to the next generation [23]. We
use binary tournament selection mechanism. Individuals are randomly paired
and compared based on their ﬁtness values. The individual with the higher ﬁtness
value is chosen as the winner. The crossover operation generates oﬀspring with
new characteristics by exchanging genetic information between individuals. To
ensure that the problem constraints are preserved in the oﬀspring, we use uniform
crossover. Each gene is to be inherited from either parent with equal probability,
thereby increasing population diversity.
We ﬁrst set some key parameters: population size .Np , crossover rate .pc ,
mutation rate .pm , and maximum iterations .GENmax , which guide the search
process. The algorithm begins with a hybrid population initialization. Based
on the constructed DAG, the ﬁtness of each strategy is calculated using the
concept of dynamic sorting. During each iteration, the algorithm selects the best
individuals through binary tournament selection, performs uniform crossover to
generate oﬀspring, and applies mutation to introduce genetic diversity. This
iterative process continues until the maximum number of generations is reached.

5

Performance Evaluation

1.0
0.8
0.6
0.4
0.2
0.0
10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

40

50

60

2.5E+5
2.0E+5
1.5E+5
1.0E+5
5.0E+4

SE

SFT

IGACO
BB
RO

ERU

We develop a cloud-edge-end collaborative computing model with 10 users, 3
edge servers, and a single cloud server. Each device can have up to 50 tasks.
Task dependency probability is 0.4 within the same device and 0.1 between
diﬀerent devices. The input data size ranges from 10 MB to 100 MB, compute
density from 100 to 1000 bits per CPU cycle, and output data size from 1 MB
to 10 MB.

120
100
80
60
40
20

Iteration

Fig. 3. Convergence performance of diﬀerent algorithms.

210

G. Zhang et al.

Since we propose a novel problem with no existing solutions, we compare the
performance of IGACO with two widely adopted strategies: Branch-and-Bound
(BB) Algorithm and Random Oﬄoading (RO) Strategy.
In the convergence experiment with a DAG of 200 tasks and 350 dependencies. Figure 3 shows that the RO fails to converge. The BB algorithm converged
in 62 generations, while our algorithm converged in 49 generations, demonstrating faster convergence and quicker solutions. Moreover, the ERU achieved by
our algorithm was 54.90% higher than the BB algorithm.

IGACO
BB
RO

200

2.4E+5

IGACO
BB
RO

1.0

IGACO
BB
RO

2.2E+5
2.0E+5

0.8

1.8E+5

SFT

SE

ERU

1.6E+5

0.6

100

1.4E+5
1.2E+5
1.0E+5

0.4

8.0E+4
6.0E+4

0.2

4.0E+4
2.0E+4

0.0

0

50

60

70

80

100 200 500

Number of Tasks

0.0E+0

50

60

70

80

100 200 500

Number of Tasks

50

60

70

80

100 200 500

Number of Tasks

Fig. 4. The Impact of Diﬀerent Task Numbers.

To assess the impact of task quantity on algorithm performance with constant dependencies, we tested sets with 50, 60, 70, 80, 100, 200, and 500 tasks,
each having 150 dependencies. As shown in Fig. 4, our method consistently outperforms the BB and RO algorithms. For example, with 500 tasks, our method
improves the objective function by 8.45% and 497.8% over BB and RO, respectively, demonstrating its stability and eﬃciency. The ﬁgure also shows that ERU
does not follow a clear trend as task numbers increase due to factors like server
power, and network conditions.
We evaluated the impact of task dependencies on algorithm performance,
testing with 50, 100, 150, 200, and 300 dependencies. As shown in Fig. 5, our
algorithm consistently outperforms others in SE. For example, with 100 dependencies, it improves the objective function by 0.60% and 20.97%, showing strong
adaptability. Figure 5 also shows that our method enhances ERU and improves
system performance.

Dependent Multi-task Oﬄoading

211

60

IGACO
BB
RO
50

5E+4

0.8

40

IGACO
BB
RO

4E+4

0.6

SFT

ERU

SE

IGACO
BB
RO

1.0

3E+4

0.4

30

2E+4

0.2

20

0.0

50

100

150

200

Number of Dependencies

300

1E+4

50

100

150

200

Number of Dependencies

300

50

100

150

200

300

Number of Dependencies

Fig. 5. The Impact of Diﬀerent Dependency Quantities.

6

Conclusion

This paper investigates dependent task oﬄoading in a heterogeneous cloud-edgeend collaborative computing environment. We design a multi-level heterogeneous
network architecture and propose a task oﬄoading model that incorporates complex task dependencies. A hierarchical scheduling strategy is introduced, considering task order and resource requirements, along with an improved genetic
algorithm for optimal scheduling. Experimental results show that our method
outperforms existing approaches across various scenarios.
Acknowledgments. This work has been partially funded by National Natural Science
Foundation of China (No. 62372319) and the Key Research and Development Program
Project of Shanxi Province (No. 202102020101002).

References
1. Gao, H., Wang, X., Wei, W., Al-Dulaimi, A., Xu, Y.: Com-DDPG: task oﬄoading based on multiagent reinforcement learning for information-communicationenhanced mobile edge computing in the internet of vehicles. IEEE Trans. Veh.
Technol. (2023)
2. Jiang, D., et al.: QoE-aware eﬃcient content distribution scheme for satelliteterrestrial networks. IEEE Trans. Mob. Comput. 22(1), 443–458 (2021)
3. Zhang, R., et al.: OSTTD: oﬄoading of splittable tasks with topological dependence in multi-tier computing networks. IEEE J. Sel. Areas Commun. 41(2), 555–
568 (2022)
4. Lou, J., Tang, Z., Jia, W., Zhao, W., Li, J.: Startup-aware dependent task scheduling with bandwidth constraints in edge computing. IEEE Trans. Mob. Comput.
23(2), 1586–1600 (2023)
5. Li, X., Zhang, X., Huang, T.: Joint task oﬄoading and service placement for mobile
edge computing: an online two-timescale approach. IEEE Trans. Cloud Comput.
(2023)
6. Zhang, X., Wang, Z., Tian, F., Yang, Z.: Stackelberg-game-based multi-user multitask oﬄoading in mobile edge computing. IEEE Trans. Cloud Comput. (2024)

212

G. Zhang et al.

7. Dai, X., Xiao, Z., Jiang, H., Lui, J.C.: UAV-assisted task oﬄoading in vehicular
edge computing networks. IEEE Trans. Mob. Comput. 23(4), 2520–2534 (2023)
8. Tang, T., Li, C., Liu, F.: Collaborative cloud-edge-end task oﬄoading with task
dependency based on deep reinforcement learning. Comput. Commun. 209, 78–90
(2023)
9. Xiao, Z., et al.: Multi-objective parallel task oﬄoading and content caching in
d2d-aided mec networks. IEEE Trans. Mob. Comput. 22(11), 6599–6615 (2022)
10. Yin, L., Sun, J., Zhou, J., Gu, Z., Li, K.: ECFA: an eﬃcient convergent ﬁreﬂy
algorithm for solving task scheduling problems in cloud-edge computing. IEEE
Trans. Serv. Comput. (2023)
11. Kai, C., Zhou, H., Yi, Y., Huang, W.: Collaborative cloud-edge-end task oﬄoading
in mobile-edge computing networks with limited communication capability. IEEE
Trans. Cogn. Commun. Netw. 7(2), 624–634 (2020)
12. Fang, C., et al.: DRL-driven joint task oﬄoading and resource allocation for energyeﬃcient content delivery in cloud-edge cooperation networks. IEEE Trans. Veh.
Technol. (2023)
13. Okegbile, S.D., Maharaj, B.T., Alfa, A.S.: A multi-user tasks oﬄoading scheme
for integrated edge-fog-cloud computing environments. IEEE Trans. Veh. Technol.
71(7), 7487–7502 (2022)
14. Chen, J., Yang, Y., Wang, C., Zhang, H., Qiu, C., Wang, X.: Multitask oﬄoading
strategy optimization based on directed acyclic graphs for edge computing. IEEE
Internet Things J. 9(12), 9367–9378 (2021)
15. Cao, Z., Deng, X., Yue, S., Jiang, P., Ren, J., Gui, J.: Dependent task oﬄoading
in edge computing using GNN and deep reinforcement learning. IEEE Internet
Things J. (2024)
16. Pang, S., Hou, L., Gui, H., He, X., Wang, T., Zhao, Y.: Multi-mobile vehicles
task oﬄoading for vehicle-edge-cloud collaboration: a dependency-aware and deep
reinforcement learning approach. Comput. Commun. 213, 359–371 (2024)
17. Hua, W., Liu, P., Huang, L.: Energy-eﬃcient resource allocation for heterogeneous
edge-cloud computing. IEEE Internet Things J. (2023)
18. Tang, X., Cao, W., Deng, T., Xu, C., Zhu, Z.: A grouping-based multi-task scheduling strategy with deadline constraint on heterogeneous edge computing. In: International Conference on Algorithms and Architectures for Parallel Processing, pp.
468–483. Springer, Cham (2023)
19. Lyu, S., et al.: A heterogeneous cloud-edge collaborative computing architecture
with aﬃnity-based workﬂow scheduling and resource allocation for internet-ofthings applications. Mob. Netw. Appl. 1–17 (2023)
20. Liu, F., Huang, J., Wang, X.: Joint task oﬄoading and resource allocation for
device-edge-cloud collaboration with subtask dependencies. IEEE Trans. Cloud
Comput. 11(3), 3027–3039 (2023)
21. Wang, C., Yu, F.R., Liang, C., Chen, Q., Tang, L.: Joint computation oﬄoading and interference management in wireless cellular networks with mobile edge
computing. IEEE Trans. Veh. Technol. 66(8), 7432–7445 (2017)
22. Katoch, S., Chauhan, S.S., Kumar, V.: A review on genetic algorithm: past,
present, and future. Multimed. Tools Appl. 80, 8091–8126 (2021)
23. Alhijawi, B., Awajan, A.: Genetic algorithms: theory, genetic operators, solutions,
and applications. Evol. Intel. 17(3), 1245–1256 (2024)

Modelling, Simulation and Complex
Systems

Modeling Trust Dynamics
on a Multi-Agent System
Angelo Cangelosi1 , Carolina Crespi2 , Mario Pavone2(B) ,
and Marta Romeo3
1

University of Manchester, Manchester, UK
angelo.cangelosi@manchester.ac.uk
2
University of Catania, Catania, Italy
carolina.crespi@unict.it, mpavone@dmi.unict.it
3
Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, UK
M.Romeo@hw.ac.uk

Abstract. This paper introduces a preliminary agent-based model
designed to simulate trust dynamics within a multi-agent scenario where
virtual agents navigate unknown environments. The objective is to investigate how trust inﬂuences agent performance when they rely on an external source of information, referred to as a robot, versus relying on their
peers. In the model, the robot explores the environment and reports the
costs associated with diﬀerent paths. Agents are categorized as either
trustful or skeptical, deciding whether to trust the information provided
by the robot or rely on their fellow agents. We evaluate three distinct scenarios: No Robot (baseline exploration), Immediate Start (simultaneous
exploration by the robot and agents), and Early Start (robot-initiated
exploration preceding agents’ involvement). Evaluation metrics include
the number of agents successfully reaching the exit, exit times, and path
costs. Our ﬁndings demonstrate signiﬁcant advantages associated with
the presence of the robot, particularly when exploration begins early.
Trustful agents show improved performance by optimizing both the number of successful exits and the eﬃciency of path selection, resulting in
reduced exit times and path costs.
Keywords: Multi-agent Systems · Trust Dynamics · Agent-based
Models · Collective Behaviors · Intelligent Virtual Agents

1

Introduction

Trust and the management of trust are pivotal concepts in establishing and maintaining satisfying relationships. These encompass relationships between humans
and organizations, organizations and organizations, and even between humans
and robots [13]. In general, entities establish a certain degree of trust to collectively achieve better results than what might be attainable individually.
In recent years, the use of robots and automated systems has surged in
a variety of sectors, including the medical ﬁeld [22], mechanical engineering
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 215–226, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_16

216

A. Cangelosi et al.

[10, 16], and Human-Robot Interaction (HRI [1]). This is because robots have
been designed not only to replace humans in dangerous tasks but also to assist
them, make decisions in uncertain scenarios, or work as genuine teammates [13].
Deﬁning trust unequivocally, however, is a complex task due to its inherently
multidisciplinary nature. Psychologically, it is described as something an individual learns positively or negatively from experience, while sociologically, it
is deﬁned as the probability that a certain action corresponds to a beneﬁt [4].
Moreover, trust is dynamic, and identifying the factors inﬂuencing it depends
heavily on the context considered [4].
Despite the diﬃculty of deﬁning trust, in robotics, and in particular, in
Human-Robot Interaction (HRI), the most accepted deﬁnitions in the ﬁeld
include “the attitude that an agent will help achieve an individual’s goals in a situation characterized by uncertainty and vulnerability” [15] and “a belief, held by
the trustor, that the trustee will act in a manner that mitigates the trustor’s risk
in a situation in which the trustor has put its outcomes at risk” [23]. The latter
deﬁnition recognizes two subjects: trustor i, who decides to trust to maximize
their interest, and trustee j, who can impact the trustor’s interest [4].
Numerous studies have investigated the role of trust in HRI, leading to the
development of diverse trust models. In works such as [21], researchers have
aimed to identify the factors inﬂuencing trust in robots, while others, like [19,20],
delve into how trust ﬂuctuates in response to errors committed by robots. The
correlation between trust and performance in human-robot collaboration has
been a focal point, giving rise to performance-based trust models. An example of this is found in [25], where the authors reveal that team trust in robots
positively impacts performance, while trust in humans is more closely tied to
personal satisfaction. Additionally, [26] explores the impact of group identity
and social attraction toward robots on team performance and viability, establishing social attraction as a mediator for the inﬂuence of group identity on
these outcomes. Expanding this perspective, [2] establishes a profound connection between the concept of trust and multi-agent systems (MAS). MAS, computational systems with multiple decision-making agents, involve delegation, tasks,
cooperation, exploitation, exchange, and teamwork, all intricately tied to trust.
Trust emerges as a fundamental concept in MAS, shaping the dynamics of social
interactions in both human and artiﬁcial intelligence ﬁelds [2]. This is because,
in both cases, the dynamics involve autonomous components acting and interacting to achieve goals in uncertain and dynamic environments. Consequently,
trust and its ensuing systems are increasingly conceptualized, designed, and built
using agent-based techniques, advocated as the natural computation model for
such systems [18].
Building upon these foundational deﬁnitions and key concepts, this study
draws inspiration from related works to propose a preliminary agent-based model
designed to explore the dynamics of trust in multi-agent scenarios. This concept
model simulates interactions between agents and an external source of information, referred to as a robot, within an unknown environment. The model consists
of a group of agents navigating a virtual environment to ﬁnd an exit. Within

Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System

217

this environment, the robot explores and provides information on the costs of
the paths it traverses. Agents aim to exit the environment as quickly and costeﬀectively as possible, using two strategies: trusting the robot’s information or
relying on the behavior of other agents. In this context, the agents act as trustors
i, and the robot serves as the trustee j, with the uncertainty arising from the
exploration of the unknown environment.
The goal is to investigate how trusting an external source of information
(the robot) impacts the agents’ performance in navigating and optimizing their
paths. Although the model is relatively simple, it is intended as a framework for
testing hypotheses about trust dynamics in exploratory settings.

2

The Model

The model is based on the Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm, a method
ﬁrst proposed by Marco Dorigo in the 1990s [9]. By emulating the foraging behavior of natural ant colonies, where chemical pheromones guide ants to discover
the most eﬃcient routes between their nest and food sources, this algorithm
has demonstrated its eﬃcacy in addressing various combinatorial optimization
challenges, such as scheduling [8], routing [11], coloring [14], robot path planning
[27], transportation [12], and feature selection [17]. Beyond classical applications,
ACO has also been used to study performance variations under structural and
behavioral changes, such as colony partitioning with memory-enhanced strategies [3], or heterogeneous ant roles with constructive or destructive eﬀects [6]. In
this context, we employed the algorithm’s mathematical framework to simulate
not only the environment but also the interactions between agents and between
agents and the environment. This approach has proven eﬀective in modeling
adaptive and dynamic behavior in agent-based simulations, including crowd scenarios characterized by cooperative and non-cooperative interactions [5,7]. The
model was implemented using NetLogo [24], a well-established programmable
modeling environment for multi-agent systems.
The environment is modeled as a weighted, undirected graph G = (V, E, w),
where V is the set of vertices, E ⊆ V × V the set of edges, and w : V × V → R+
assigns a positive cost to each edge, representing the traversal diﬃculty. In each
scenario, N agents start at the top-left node and aim to reach the exit at the
bottom-right.
At a speciﬁc time, t, an agent k on a vertex i selects one of its neighboring
vertices j as its destination. This choice is governed by a probability pkij (t) determined through the proportional transition rule of ACO, as deﬁned in Eq. 1. This
rule mirrors the decision-making process of ants as they navigate paths, considering the concentration of pheromones τij (t) along a route and the visibility
ηij (t) of a node. In our case, we apply the same rule to model how agents decide
on their paths, interpreting pheromones as traces inadvertently left behind by
agents during their movements and visibility as a measure of the desirability
associated with a path.

218

A. Cangelosi et al.

pkij (t) =

⎧
⎨
⎩0

τij (t)α ·ηij (t)β
τil (t)α ·ηil (t)β

l∈J k
i

if j ∈ Jik ,

(1)

otherwise,

k
} are all the possible displacements of the agent k
Here, Jik = Ai \ {πt−1
from vertex i, with Ai = j ∈ V : (i, j) ∈ E adjacent vertices to i, and π k (t) =
(π1 , π2 , . . . , πt ) the sequence of vertices visited by agent k at time-step t; τij (t)
is the trace intensity on edge (i, j), and ηij (t) is the desirability of the edge
(i, j) at a given time t; α and β, instead, are two parameters (user-deﬁned)
that shapes decision-making by weighing two types of information: the trace
τij unintentionally left by agents and the desirability ηij of a path intentionally
communicated by the robot.
The trace τij , weighted by the parameter α, reﬂects how often an edge has
been traversed. After each agent movement, the trace is updated according to
the ACO reinforcement rule: τij (t + 1) = τij (t) + K, where K is a user-deﬁned
constant. In this context, the rule models the interaction between agents and the
environment: agents leave traces as they move, indicating edge usage frequency.
Although these traces have no physical meaning, they provide useful information
about agent behavior and environmental dynamics (much like footprints revealing both the paths taken and how often they’ve been used). The desirability ηij ,
weighted by the parameter β, represents the information on path cost provided
by the robot.
The robot’s path exploration is guided by its eﬃciency re ∈ [0, 1], which
reﬂects its ability to identify and prefer lower-cost paths. A value of re = 1.0
leads the robot always to choose the least costly paths, while re = 0.0 results
in selection of the most costly ones. Intermediate values represent probabilities;
for example, with re = 0.8, there’s an 80% chance of choosing a cheaper path.
This parameter captures variability in the robot’s performance, reﬂecting realworld uncertainties. After exploring, the robot shares the desirability ηij of the
path based on perceived cost, helping agents reﬁne their navigation strategies.
Both agents and the robot expend time proportionate to the cost of traversing
an edge. Consequently, an optimal path not only minimizes expenses but also
necessitates less time for traversal.
Agents can adopt two distinct strategies to ﬁnd the exit. In the trustful (T)
strategy, agents tend to rely on the robot’s path cost information ηij over the
traces τT left by peers. This is modeled with αT = 0.5 and βT = 1.0, giving
priority to the robot’s guidance. Conversely, skeptical (S) agents disregard the
robot’s information, relying instead on peer traces τS , modeled with α = 0.5 and
β = 0.0, thus favoring socially acquired cues over external input.
The proposed model simulates trust dynamics in a multi-agent setting toward
a virtual robot and examines their impact on overall group performance. Agent
behavior is assessed using three key metrics: number of exited agents, exit times,
and path costs. These metrics help clarify how interactions between agents and
the robot inﬂuence collective outcomes. By exploring trust, skepticism, and

Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System

219

decision-making, the model oﬀers a comprehensive framework for understanding
the role of robotics in multi-agent navigation through unfamiliar environments.

3

Experiments

The experiments used three distinct weighted graphs, with edge weights drawn
uniformly from the range ]0, 10]. Each graph had |V | = 400 nodes, and the
number of edges was determined by a user-deﬁned parameter called Probability
Connectivity, ranging from 0 (no links) to 1 (each node connected to its four
nearest neighbors). Intermediate values control the overall graph density and
topology. The three graphs, C1, C2, and C3, were generated with Probability
Connectivity values of 0.45, 0.50, and 0.55, resulting in |E| = 511, 561, and 599
edges, respectively. C1 represents the simplest scenario with sparser connections.
Despite its lower edge count, it still posed meaningful navigational challenges.
C2 increases edge density and introduces more variability, oﬀering a moderately
complex environment. C3, the most intricate scenario, features dense connections and greater variability in node links, requiring more adaptive navigation
strategies. The increased density and variability in connections in C3 presented a
greater challenge, necessitating adaptation to a more intricate network structure
and navigation through a wider array of possible interactions. In summary, the
deliberate construction of C1, C2, and C3 environments aimed to provide various
challenges, progressing from simpler to more intricate scenarios. This intentional
variation facilitated a comprehensive assessment of the agent’s adaptability and
performance across diﬀerent levels of environmental complexity.
The simulations involved NT = 50 trustful (T) and NS = 50 skeptical
(S) agents. Each agent released a trace amount speciﬁc to its kind, denoted
as KT,S = 0.1, with an initial value set at τT,S (t = 0) = 0.1. On the other hand,
the robot released information ηij = w1ij after crossing a path, where wij is the
cost of the crossed path.
For the experiments, diﬀerent kinds of situations were considered. In the No
Robot (NR) scenario, agents independently explore the environment, serving as
a baseline for comparison. In the Immediate Start (IS) scenario, the robot starts
the exploration simultaneously with the agents. Finally, in the Early Start (ES)
scenario, the robot begins the exploration before the agents.
Due to computational constraints, all agents have limited time to ﬁnd the
exit, with the duration calculated diﬀerently based on the investigated situation.
For the No Robot and Immediate Start scenarios, the time limit is set as Tmax =
|V |× N2 . Conversely, in the Early Start scenario, it is determined as Tmax = |V |×
N
N
2 + Rt , where Rt is deﬁned as |V | × 2 , representing the time that the robot has
to explore the environment before agents begin their exploration. This approach
ensures equal exploration time for agents across all three conﬁgurations.
To evaluate the inﬂuence of the robot’s presence, various experiments were
undertaken to investigate the correlation between agent performance and both
the type of analysis and the eﬃciency of the robot. In this study, we speciﬁcally
focused on two distinct values of robot eﬃciency: re = 0.2 and re = 0.8. It’s

220

A. Cangelosi et al.

important to note that the robot’s path selection is probabilistic, with the likelihood of choosing less costly paths increasing as its eﬃciency rises and vice versa.
The deliberate choice of these eﬃciency values, 0.2 representing low eﬃciency
and 0.8 representing high eﬃciency, was made to steer clear of extreme values,
preventing the depiction of overly speciﬁc or unrealistic scenarios. Instead, we
opted for values at the limits, striking a balance to ensure a thorough evaluation without overly complicating the experimental design, while maintaining the
representation of plausible real-world situations. Each of these eﬃciency levels
underwent 100 independent simulations to provide a comprehensive evaluation
of their impact.

4

Results and Discussion

This section presents the simulation results and their implications across diﬀerent
scenarios. The analysis focuses on three key metrics: the number of exited agents
(Fig. 1), exit times (Fig. 2), and path costs (Fig. 3).
These graphs are thoughtfully grouped to improve clarity and facilitate comparisons across diﬀerent scenarios. Each plot consists of ﬁve columns: No robot,
Immediate start with robot eﬃciency re = 0.2, Immediate start with robot eﬃciency re = 0.8, Early start with robot eﬃciency re = 0.2, and Early start with
robot eﬃciency re = 0.8.
At ﬁrst look, it appears that in all three scenarios, both trustful and skeptical
agents exit in nearly equal numbers, exhibiting comparable exit times and path
costs in the absence of a robot. However, a notable shift occurs when introducing
a robot, particularly with an early start and a robot eﬃciency value of 0.8,
especially evident in scenario C3. To validate the statistical signiﬁcance of these
observations and aﬃrm the impact of a robot’s presence, t-tests were conducted
on exit times and path costs. For clarity, graphs 1c, 2c, and 3c marked with (*)
indicate statistically signiﬁcant results as determined by the t-test.
Tables 1 and 2 represent the statistical analysis respectively for the path costs
and the exit times in scenarios C1, C2, and C3. The statistical measures include
t-values (t), degrees of freedom (df), p-values, and 95% conﬁdence intervals (CI).
Considering the path costs, results show a signiﬁcant impact from the presence of the robot, with very low p-values and wide conﬁdence intervals excluding
zero. In contrast, scenarios without the robot show minimal eﬀects, with higher
p-values and narrower conﬁdence intervals including zero. This indicates similar behavior between trustful and skeptical agents in the absence of the robot,
supporting the null hypothesis.
The analysis of exit times reveals scenario-dependent trends. In scenario C1,
the robot with an immediate start has a strong negative eﬀect, while an early
start at 0.8 reduces this impact. In C2, immediate start conditions also worsen
outcomes, while early starts have milder eﬀects. In C3, immediate starts significantly increase exit times, whereas both early start 0.2 and 0.8 improve them.
In summary, introducing a robot with diﬀerent starting modes leads to clear
improvements in exit times, especially in scenario C3, where timeframes are signiﬁcantly reduced. Diﬀerences between Skeptical and Trustful agents become

Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System

221

Fig. 1. Number of exited agents for scenarios C1 (a), C2 (b), and C3 (c).

Table 1. Path costs for scenarios C1, C2, and C3
Path Cost
Scenario Metric NR

IS 0.2

IS 0.8

ES 0.2

ES 0.8

C1

t
0.36236
26.676
28.797
8.984
15.323
df
7680.8
2587.1
1477
4951.5
4345.4
p-value 0.7171
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
95% CI −22.53 32.74 429.02 497.10 522.65 599.05 109.67 170.89 214.85 277.89

C2

t
0.33418
21.163
21.622
1.9036
df
8458.9
5620.7
5677.4
6955.9
−16
−16
p-value 0.7383
<2.2e
<2.2e
0.057
95% CI −24.50 34.57 303.30 365.23 311.02 373.04 −0.91 62.15

C3

t
0.85137
23.943
40.731
17.521
25.521
df
8352.9
6907.9
8147.1
7715
8739.2
p-value 0.3946
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
<2.2e−16
95% CI −18.96 48.08 369.23 435.08 599.40 660.02 272.28 340.88 374.64 436.98

0.41572
6894.7
0.6776
−24.63 37.88

222

A. Cangelosi et al.

Fig. 2. Exit times for scenarios C1 (a), C2 (b), and C3 (c).

particularly evident when the robot starts early with an eﬃciency of 0.8. Considering also the number of agents reaching the exit, scenario C3 stands out as
the most eﬀective conﬁguration overall.
Figure 1 represents the number of exited agents across all scenarios. It can
be observed that the presence of a robot with an immediate start does not seem
to signiﬁcantly improve agent exit rates, especially in scenarios C1 and C2. This
suggests that in such scenarios, trusting the robot may not be advantageous. In
C3, this holds true only when the robot eﬃciency is 0.2. When the eﬃciency
rises to 0.8, there is a noticeable improvement in the performance of trustful
agents. This trend becomes more pronounced in the case of an early start with
robot eﬃciency re = 0.8. Trustful agents signiﬁcantly outperform skeptical ones
reaching the maximum number of exited agents.
When considering exit times (Fig. 2), an immediate start with robot eﬃciency
values of 0.2 and 0.8 does not lead to signiﬁcant improvements across the three
scenarios. This suggests that, under immediate start conditions, even higher
robot eﬃciency has little eﬀect on agent performance, especially for trustful
agents. In contrast, with an early start, trustful agents improve their exit times
for both eﬃciency values, while skeptical agents perform worse. Notably, in sce-

Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System

223

Fig. 3. Path cost for scenarios C1 (a), C2 (b), and C3 (c).

nario C3, trustful agents consistently exit faster than skeptical ones, regardless
of robot eﬃciency.
For the path costs (Fig. 3), the presence of a robot signiﬁcantly improves
trustful agents’ outcomes across all scenarios and conﬁgurations. Skeptical
agents, instead, show unchanged or even worsened performance with immediate starts, but improve under early starts, though still performing worse than
trustful ones.
Looking at all three evaluation metrics together, trustful and skeptical agents
perform similarly without the robot, with comparable exit times and path costs.
The model performs best in scenario C3 with an early start and 0.8 robot eﬃciency, where trustful agents achieve optimal outcomes.
The immediate start conﬁguration revealed disparities between exit times and
path costs, which can be attributed to the inherent eﬃciency-driven decisionmaking process of the robot and its initiation timing. The robot prioritizes path
cost optimization and navigation eﬃciency, indirectly inﬂuencing exit times. The
eﬃciency parameter, denoted by values of 0.2 and 0.8, guides the robot’s path
selection strategy. A higher eﬃciency setting consistently results in signiﬁcantly
lower path costs, especially for trustful agents, aligning with the expectation
of cost-eﬀective choices. However, the impact on exit times unfolds diﬀerently.
Immediate starts, despite enhancing path costs, adversely aﬀect exit times, particularly for trustful agents. This suggests that the immediate initiation of a more
eﬃcient robot may not necessarily expedite the exit process. On the contrary,

224

A. Cangelosi et al.
Table 2. Exit times for scenarios C1, C2, and C3

Exit Time
Scenario Metric NR

IS 0.2

IS 0.8

ES 0.2

ES 0.8

C1

t
−0.45564
−30.705
−21.297
−6.5318
−2.3728
df
7675.6
2332.7
1200.3
4703.4
4031.3
p-value 0.6487
2.2e−16
2.2e−16
7.19E−11
0.0177
95% CI −288.5784 179.7279 −5101.341 −4660.926 −1925.3754 −764.22262 −4488.853 −3874.592 9934.455 10316.566

C2

t
0.17784
−40.482
−35.622
df
8458.1
5358.1
5329.8
p-value 0.8589
2.2e−16
2.2e−16
95% CI −197.6513 237.0926 −5123.094 −4614.349 −948.0766 −1040.578

−5.4684
−6.1275
6888.4
6771.8
4.70E−08
9.43E−10
−4649.819 −4132.95 −447.7142 −536.153

C3

t
−0.29843
−37.308
−19.432
df
8343.8
6523.2
8297.3
p-value 0.7654
2.2e−16
2.2e−16
95% CI −252.8402 186.0260 −4614.826 −2236.198 976.9339 1458.4489

9.9146
7502
2.2e−16
1914.71 2310.14

20.944
8170.8
2.2e−16
−4154.074 -1826.373

early starts positively inﬂuence both path costs and exit times. In essence, while
the robot consistently contributes to reporting less costly paths through eﬃcient selection, its inﬂuence on exit times hinges on ﬁnding the right equilibrium
between eﬃciency and initiation timing.

5

Conclusions

This study introduced a preliminary agent-based model to explore trust dynamics in multi-agent scenarios. Agents navigated an unknown environment to ﬁnd
an exit, and the model examined how the presence of an external source of information (named robot) inﬂuenced their performance in terms of exit times and
path costs.
We analyzed three main scenarios: No Robot, where agents acted independently; Immediate Start, where the robot and agents explored simultaneously;
and Early Start, where the robot began earlier. Without the robot, trustful and
skeptical agents performed similarly, though higher exit rates were observed in
more complex environments. When the robot was introduced, outcomes varied
with its eﬃciency. With low eﬃciency (0.2), trustful agents underperformed in
some cases, whereas high eﬃciency (0.8) notably improved their performance,
particularly when the robot started earlier. Overall, robot presence, especially
with high eﬃciency and early start mode, led to faster exits and better path
selection. Statistical analysis (t-tests) conﬁrmed that the robot had a signiﬁcant
eﬀect on outcomes, particularly on path costs.
These results suggest that trust in an external source of information can
be beneﬁcial in uncertain scenarios, provided that the source is reliable. Robot
eﬃciency proved to be a critical factor, inﬂuencing not only whether agents
exited successfully, but also how quickly and through which paths.
However, some limitations must be acknowledged. The model is intentionally simple, and the range of robot eﬃciency values tested was limited. Moreover,
agents’ trust levels were ﬁxed and did not adapt to the robot’s behavior. Future

Modeling Trust Dynamics on a Multi-Agent System

225

developments will aim to expand the model by including a wider range of eﬃciency levels and more dynamic, adaptive trust mechanisms.

References
1. Bartneck, C., Belpaeme, T., Eyssel, F., Kanda, T., Keijsers, M., Šabanović, S.:
Human-Robot Interaction: An Introduction. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge (2020). https://doi.org/10.1017/9781108676649
2. Castelfranchi, C., Falcone, R.: Principles of trust for mas: cognitive anatomy, social
importance, and quantiﬁcation. In: Proceedings International Conference on Multi
Agent Systems (Cat. No.98EX160), pp. 72–79. IEEE, 445 Hoes Lane, Piscataway,
NJ 08854-4141, USA (1998). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICMAS.1998.699034
3. Cavallaro, C., Crespi, C., Cutello, V., Pavone, M., Zito, F.: Group dynamics in
memory-enhanced ant colonies: the inﬂuence of colony division on a maze navigation problem. Algorithms 17(2), 63 (2024)
4. Cho, J.H., Chan, K., Adali, S.: A survey on trust modeling. ACM Comput. Surv.
(CSUR) 48(2), 1–40 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1145/2815595
5. Crespi, C., Fargetta, G., Pavone, M., Scollo, R.A.: An agent-based model to investigate diﬀerent behaviours in a crowd simulation. In: International Conference on
Bioinspired Optimization Methods and Their Applications, pp. 1–14. Springer,
Cham (2022)
6. Crespi, C., Scollo, R.A., Fargetta, G., Pavone, M.: How a diﬀerent ant behavior
aﬀects on the performance of the whole colony. In: Metaheuristics International
Conference. pp. 187–199. Springer, Cham (2022)
7. Crespi, C., Scollo, R.A., Fargetta, G., Pavone, M.: A sensitivity analysis of parameters in an agent-based model for crowd simulations. Appl. Soft Comput. 146,
110684 (2023)
8. Deng, W., Xu, J., Zhao, H.: An improved ant colony optimization algorithm based
on hybrid strategies for scheduling problem. IEEE Access 7, 20281–20292 (2019).
https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2897580
9. Dorigo, M., Di Caro, G.: Ant colony optimization: a new meta-heuristic. In: Proceedings of the 1999 Congress on Evolutionary Computation (CEC99), vol. 2, pp.
1470–1477. IEEE, Washington, DC, USA (1999). https://doi.org/10.1109/CEC.
1999.782657
10. Gervasi, R., Barravecchia, F., Mastrogiacomo, L., Franceschini, F.: Applications
of aﬀective computing in human-robot interaction: state-of-art and challenges for
manufacturing. Proc. Inst. Mech. Eng. Part B: J. Eng. Manuf. 237(6–7), 815–832
(2023). https://doi.org/10.1177/09544054221121888
11. Jia, Y.H., Mei, Y., Zhang, M.: A bilevel ant colony optimization algorithm for
capacitated electric vehicle routing problem. IEEE Trans. Cybern. 52(10), 10855–
10868 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/TCYB.2021.3069942
12. Jovanovic, R., Tuba, M., Voß, S.: An eﬃcient ant colony optimization algorithm for
the blocks relocation problem. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 274(1), 78–90 (2019). https://
doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2018.09.038
13. Khavas, Z.R., Ahmadzadeh, S.R., Robinette, P.: Modeling trust in human-robot
interaction: a survey. In: Wagner, A.R., et al. (eds.) ICSR 2020. LNCS (LNAI),
vol. 12483, pp. 529–541. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3030-62056-1_44

226

A. Cangelosi et al.

14. Kole, A., De, D., Pal, A.J.: Solving graph coloring problem using ant colony optimization, simulated annealing and quantum annealing—a comparative study. In:
Bhattacharyya, S., Das, G., De, S. (eds.) Intelligence Enabled Research. Studies
in Computational Intelligence, vol. 1029, pp. 1–15. Springer, Singapore (2022).
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-19-0489-9_1
15. Lee, J.D., See, K.A.: Trust in automation: designing for appropriate reliance. Hum.
Factors 46(1), 50–80 (2004). https://doi.org/10.1518/hfes.46.1.50_30392
16. Maurtua, I., Ibarguren, A., Kildal, J., Susperregi, L., Sierra, B.: Human-robot collaboration in industrial applications: safety, interaction and trust. Int. J. Adv. Rob.
Syst. 14(4), 1729881417716010 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1177/1729881417716010
17. Peng, H., Ying, C., Tan, S., Hu, B., Sun, Z.: An improved feature selection algorithm based on ant colony optimization. IEEE Access 6, 69203–69209 (2018).
https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2018.2879583
18. Ramchurn, S.D., Huynh, D., Jennings, N.R.: Trust in multi-agent systems. Knowl.
Eng. Rev. 19(1), 1–25 (2004). https://doi.org/10.1017/S0269888904000116
19. Robinette, P., Howard, A.M., Wagner, A.R.: Eﬀect of robot performance on humanrobot trust in time-critical situations. IEEE Trans. Hum.-Mach. Syst. 47(4), 425–
436 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/THMS.2017.2648849
20. Robinette, P., Li, W., Allen, R., Howard, A.M., Wagner, A.R.: Overtrust of robots
in emergency evacuation scenarios. In: 2016 11th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human-Robot Interaction (HRI), pp. 101–108. IEEE, 445 Hoes Lane, Piscataway, NJ 08854-4141, USA (2016). https://doi.org/10.1109/HRI.2016.7451740
21. Romeo, M., et al.: Exploring theory of mind for human-robot collaboration. In:
2022 31st IEEE International Conference on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (RO-MAN), pp. 461–468. IEEE, IEEE, 445 Hoes Lane, Piscataway, NJ
08854-4141, USA (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/RO-MAN53752.2022.9900550
22. Townsend, D., MajidiRad, A.: Trust in human-robot interaction within healthcare
services: a review study. In: International Design Engineering Technical Conferences and Computers and Information in Engineering Conference, vol. 86281, p.
V007T07A030. American Society of Mechanical Engineers, ASME, St. Louis, Missouri, USA (2022). https://doi.org/10.1115/DETC2022-89607
23. Wagner, A.R., Arkin, R.C.: Recognizing situations that demand trust. In: 2011 ROMAN, pp. 7–14. IEEE, 445 Hoes Lane, Piscataway, NJ 08854-4141, USA (2011).
https://doi.org/10.1109/ROMAN.2011.6005228
24. Wilensky, U.: Netlogo. Center for Connected Learning and Computer-Based Modeling, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL (1999). http://ccl.northwestern.edu/
netlogo/
25. You, S., Robert, L.: Trusting robots in teams: examining the impacts of trusting
robots on team performance and satisfaction. In: Proceedings of the 52th Hawaii
International Conference on System Sciences, pp. 8–11. Elsevier, 100 South Clinton
Avenue, Suite 2407, Rochester, NY 14604 (2018). https://doi.org/10.24251/HICSS.
2019.031
26. You, S., Robert, L.P., Jr.: Team robot identiﬁcation theory (trit): robot attractiveness and team identiﬁcation on performance and viability in human-robot teams. J.
Supercomput. 78(18), 19684–19706 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11227-02204645-7
27. Zhang, D., You, X., Liu, S., Pan, H.: Dynamic multi-role adaptive collaborative
ant colony optimization for robot path planning. IEEE Access 8, 129958–129974
(2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3009399

Knowledge Management Methodology
for Complex Context. The Defence Case
Ioana Filipas1(B) , François Marmier2 , Punita Raj2 , Bertrand Rose2 ,
Valentin Drouillard3 , and Déborah Lejuste3
1 CNRS BETA, Université de Strasbourg, 67000 Strasbourg, France

filipas@unistra.fr

2 CNRS ICUBE, Université de Strasbourg, 67000 Strasbourg, France
3 ARMTEK, 204 avenue Colmar, 67100 Strasbourg, France

Abstract. This paper identifies and presents accelerated and automated AI solutions for major knowledge management problems in complex systems, especially
in defense. From the interviews and surveys conducted on defense personnel and
using defending-against-knowledge-loss triangulation, the study points to the following enduring issues: paperwork, siloed knowledge, security measures, and
knowledge obsolescence due to employee turnover. The paper uses thematic analysis using the MAXQDA qualitative data analysis to elucidate the identified inefficiencies as barriers to decision-making and collaborative work that threaten organizational outcomes. In response to these issues, the study seeks to develop a
model offering new solutions for the mechanised adoption of knowledge management processes, including knowledge capture, distribution, and enhancement
of interoperability to support structured knowledge sharing. This model incorporates AI functionalities to automate processes and minimise paperwork to reduce
decision-making latency and advance cross-departmental knowledge flow with
the added advantage of accessing real-time information while conforming to the
security requirements through operational access privileges.
Keywords: Knowledge management · Complex systems · System engineering ·
Artificial intelligence · Defense

1 Introduction
1.1 A Subsection Sample
Knowledge Management (KM) is an important part of complex systems like defense.
Defense organizations are well equipped to optimize the handling of large volumes of
information for operational preparedness, decision support, and mission accomplishment
[1]. Nevertheless, there are limitations in how knowledge is managed across departments
and organizational units. These sectors involve rapidly proliferating technologies that
get intertwined with the ever-increasing need for coordinating and integrating diverse
activities and teams [1].
© The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 227–238, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_17

228

I. Filipas et al.

To overcome such knowledge management challenges, many defense sectors tried
to implement tools, methods, and even software applications to address and solve the
upcoming information flow and efficiency [2]. In the last ten years, different ERP systems, document management, and business process management software solutions
helped to integrate data and various processes within organizations [3]. However, commercial solutions have not always proved satisfactory in highly specialised and secure
domains of defense. These systems are generally ill-suited for addressing the requirements of the defense marketplace for secure and timely access to information [4]. To
address these challenges, there are various new-generation IT solutions like Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Predictive Analytics. These technologies solve
the problem of fragmentation of knowledge, manual data entry data, and loss of tacit
knowledge.
However, to achieve optimum KM results in the defense sector, there is a lack of
research regarding the identification of KM systems that can meet defense needs along
with a satisfactory model that would incorporate AI automation capabilities with the
dynamic and security corresponding to defense work [5]. Hence, the paper develops an
artificial intelligence-based KM solution i-CDPA (Content Driven Process Automation).
The i-CDPA model provides possible solutions for storing and transferring the organizational knowledge converted from tacit knowledge to preserve efficient knowledge and
experience.
This paper begins with a detailed literature review to critically discuss different KM
models and technologies. Further, the paper outlines the methodological approach to
KM problems in organizations with a bias on interviews and surveys. The results section
of the paper provides an overview of the findings of this study and provides a correlation
between the main KM issues and the solution developed in this research through hypotheses. The discussion section gives a clear elaboration of the i-CDPA model to explain
how it fits the problem of the current KM practices. Finally, the conclusion describes the
findings and contributions of the study and outlines further research prospects in using
AI solutions for managing knowledge in the defense sector.

2 Literature Review
2.1 Knowledge Management in Defense
Knowledge Management (KM) is an important managerial initiative in organizations,
particularly in defense. It is an operational necessity, a strategic priority, and required
to maintain a comparative advantage over a potential foe [4]. The evolution of KM can
be dated back to the realisation of intellectual capital in the early 90s. New tendencies
in KM best practices emphasize the change of approach from tangible asset management to intangible ones, including intellectual property, expertise of employees, and
corporate culture [5]. The knowledge management practices are divided into two forms;
the explicit and the tacit. While explicit knowledge is codified and can be documented,
shared and stored, tacit knowledge is context-specific, personal, and can hardly be written down. In numerous defense organizations, tacit knowledge is lodged in personnel,
thereby, it dissipates when people retire from their positions or split from the military.
Although the application of KM is critically essential in defense, many organizations

Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context

229

face a challenge when applying it [6]. Moreover, an internal trend visible in KM is a
shift from traditional to digital KM tools and a growing ubiquity of artificial intelligence
[5]. Explicit management of knowledge as a strategic corporate resource is protected by
reliable security measures, numerical codes, encrypted information transfer, and storage
in databases and other IT systems.
2.2 Challenges in KM Implementation in Defense
The general KM environment in defense organizations faces many difficulties and challenges to the success of KM activities. Some of the greatest challenges that have contributed to the slow realization of KM practices include; cultural resistance, technology,
organizations, and security. The main cultural barrier encountered in the implementation of KM initiatives is the hierarchical organizational culture and the resulting folder
structure that fosters secrecy [5]. Organizational constraints include a lack of up-todate systems to support the dissemination of knowledge in real-time, or the inability of
the new systems to converge with the latest technologies in the market such as AI and
machine learning [6]. To overcome these challenges, defense organizations need to look
for a way to transfer knowledge within the organization as well as with external partners,
and to store it safely, using electronic databases and knowledge management systems
with the support of artificial intelligence.
2.3 KM Theories and Models with Their Strengths and Weaknesses
Knowledge management (KM) theories and models provide frameworks for organizations to conceptualise, implement, and optimise their knowledge-handling processes.
These models focus on creating, capturing, sharing, and applying knowledge, particularly
in complex organizational environments like defense [7]. Nonaka and Takeuchi’s SECI
Model is an influential model that emphasises the dynamic interaction between explicit
and tacit knowledge through four key processes: Socialization, Externalization, Combination, and Internalization (SECI) [8]. It is effective in illustrating how tacit knowledge
can be converted into explicit knowledge and vice versa, which is particularly relevant in
defense [9]. However, it lacks detailed practical application steps and underemphasizes
the importance of knowledge storage, protection, or retrieval. Karl Wiig’s KM Model
focuses on making knowledge useful in organizations by defining KM as a process of
building, holding, pooling, and using knowledge. It is practical and outcome-oriented
but does not provide specific steps for implementing KM practices. Boisot’s Knowledge
Asset Model focuses on managing knowledge as a strategic asset, presenting the I-Space
framework [6]. The Knowledge Spiral (Ba) Model is grounded in the concept of “Ba,” a
shared space for knowledge creation. Hedlund’s N-form Model encourages knowledge
sharing across silos and hierarchical barriers, but its implementation can be challenging
in large, rigid organizations like defense. Davenport and Prusak’s Knowledge-Based
Organization emphasises the importance of culture, human behaviour, and technology
in managing knowledge [10].

230

I. Filipas et al.

2.4 Research Gaps
AI has been used for KM in other industry sectors but in the defense sector a completely
automated model that can take care of the security aspect while making knowledge
available at the same time has not been developed fully [9]. The goal is to enhance KM
effectiveness and process in informational environments, to develop shared reference
ontology for strategic sectors. The situation will put unstructured data in a form that
will allow their usage by AI. Currently offered KM solutions are either overbearing or
only partially embedded or not equipped for dealing with the specific challenges that
inhibit defense operations [6]. Furthermore, there is a need to explore how AI-based
KM approaches offer interoperability among the different defense ecosystems along
with quantum computing in addition to the prescriptive security standards that need to
be followed.

3 Hypotheses Development
The hypotheses of this study are developed based on the main issues highlighted in the
literature on KM in complex contexts, especially in defense. All the hypotheses aim
at solving a different, although related issue highlighted in the research literature. H1:
Knowledge fragmentation and siloed systems hinder the successful flow of information,
leading to inadequacies. Studies in knowledge management continued to reveal the negative impact of fragmented systems, getting knowledge, and locked inside silos. Lack of
knowledge integration means the required knowledge is not available to the teams in time
causing delays in decision making and an increase in operation costs. In defense, these
silos can transform into critical challenges during dynamic and high-risk settings that
necessarily rely on information sharing for success. Drawing from this perspective, we
posit our hypothesis on the proposition that enhancing knowledge sharing means reducing such barriers within departments and between different organizational teams. H2:
Manual processes in knowledge dissemination and storage delay decision-making, and
inject mistakes in complex environments. Another commonly cited problem is the failure
of organizations to transform their KM into fully automated processes. The literature suggests that human-initiated systems of knowledge transfer including document reviews,
bulk emails, and particularly handovers can be fraught with errors and time-consuming.
This delay is very expensive, especially in such areas as defense where timely information defines or decides on the fate of sensitive operations. This hypothesis emerged from
research on the inevitability of the digitisation of KM practices. H3: The lack of structured knowledge transfer mechanisms leads to the erosion of critical tacit knowledge,
especially during personnel turnover. The literature on knowledge transfer—knowledge
that by its nature cannot be easily written down, but is important for organizational performance—highlights the need for formal systems of knowledge transfer. The problem
for defense organizations and similar complex organizations is that they often have the
same problem in retaining this form of knowledge when the employees who possess it
move on. This hypothesis is founded on the understanding that the implementation of
structured knowledge transfer mechanisms is essential for the retention of organizational
knowledge and for the continuity of knowledge particularly in this cognisance-reliant
industry of defense. H4: AI-driven KM solutions can automate knowledge processes,

Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context

231

improve real-time access, and enhance operational efficiency, but must address security
concerns. Artificial intelligence has been conceptualised and discussed in the present
literature as a revolutionary system for managing knowledge in complex industries. AI
technology can minimize many of the bottlenecks in the knowledge management chain,
making information available on-demand. Nevertheless, the inclusion of AI into KM
systems also brings along new security challenges. H5: Ontology-based systems will
improve interoperability among knowledge management platforms. As the challenges
in knowledge management challenges evolve to higher levels, the need for KM systems
that can interoperate effectively rises. The problem of structuring knowledge to increase
its breadth and depth of understanding and compatibility is noted in the literature as
addressed by ontology-based systems. This hypothesis is underpinned by the understanding that attaining better interoperability through the use of ontology solves a lot of
the current problem areas present in KM systems that are disparate and isolated from
one another.

4 Research Methodology
The research approach used in this study is aimed at identifying and responding to
knowledge management issues in multifaceted defence environments. This research is
thus structured into hypothesis formulation, exploration, and valorization which are
characterized by the following objectives and activities.
4.1 Process 1 - Hypothesis Formulation
The first step of the current research remains the development of the theoretical framework. First, an analysis of the literature was used to launch the research. This review
unveiled critical knowledge deficit related to the application of KM, especially in defence
environments with high degrees of system integration and data sensitivity. The purpose
was to define where ineffective knowledge communication and sharing processes, as well
as system integration take place. As a result of the knowledge gaps defined in the study,
it postulated the hypotheses relate to some of the problems that arise in organizations
(Fig. 1).
4.2 Process 2 - Exploration
The first phase is the exploration phase, which basically combines the process of data collection and data analysis in order to establish and prove some key challenges. To test the
theoretical ideas and research questions regarding real-life problems related to defense
knowledge management, a survey questionnaire was developed, specific to defense personnels. From the total of 100 participants, the respondents gave detailed description of
some key aspects of 312 km difficulties in the respondents’ organizations with reference
to sharing, security and integration. The survey and interview responses were coded,
categorized and analyzed systematically with the help of MAXQDA qualitative data
analysis. This process facilitated the categorization of repeat issues thereby arriving at

232

I. Filipas et al.

a list of 25 distinct challenges in defence KM. The combination of survey/interview
results enabled to indicate theoretical and practical issues.

Fig. 1. Conceptual Framework of Knowledge Management: from its design to the valorisation

4.3 Process 3 - Valorization
The last step of the research is related to ideas implementation for problems that have been
proposed and calculating the expected return. Regarding the categorized problems, it was
possible to indicate the short-term and long-term expectations. The short-term goals are
primarily centered on the achievement of short-term benefits in terms of knowledge
sharing and process efficiencies, the long-term goals, on the other hand, encompass
consistent knowledge retention and the ability of systems to integrate with those used in
other departments. Each solution is assessed on its abilities to be useful within defence
organizations.

5 Results
The results section of this paper synthesises the findings with hypothesis from the
interviews and surveys collected from the defense personnel.
5.1 Knowledge Fragmentation and Siloed Systems (H1)
Knowledge storage is one of the important components of knowledge management. It
takes far too long to secure the necessary approvals within the multiple different and discrete systems available in defense organizations to find out what knowledge is out there.
Respondents indicated that over 75% of knowledge is stored in disparate and disconnected data stores with very limited content sharing and data integration across systems

Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context

233

and only sometimes, the personnel have to enter queries into separate data sources to find
the information they need. Discrete general work activities are usually dispersed over
the organizational databases for maintenance, logistics, as well as operations planning
and execution – “We work with definitions that are not fixed, not definitive. And indeed,
there are cases where we are going to document a system that has been abandoned.” The
end-users feel that they constantly have to switch between multiple databases, request
data access to other departments, or work with separate spreadsheets containing data
acquired from multiple databases. This lack of compatibility is not only a problem with
operational tasks but also limits communication and cooperation between teams. The
fragmentation problem is made worse by the fact that there is no overarching knowledge management system through which all the available information sources can be
combined. The respondents demand efficient access to the data disseminated in different
sections of the company without the need to search for it manually. Due to fragmentation, system-of-record becomes the source of institutionalized detail where systems
hold older or different versions of the same information. This makes the workflow of the
systems complex and confusing and the possibility of making a mistake because some
of the information being used in the process may be outdated is very high.
5.2 Manual Processes and Duplication of Efforts (H2)
The data from the interviews showed that paper-based approaches constitute a major
problem for knowledge management in even the most diverse defense organizations
especially when dealing with the codification process, data input and distribution of
pertinent knowledge. Most of the respondents pointed out that a great deal of the intake
process is done through the entry of data by hand, a process that takes a lot of time and
also can produce a lot of errors – “The connection between the technicians and the head
of maintenance management is still done the old way, using papers and things like that.”.
They probably use manual systems and as is known with these systems, there is usually a
lot of duplication as this leads to inconsistencies and slows progress. The interviews also
revealed that the proliferation of the systems led to duplication of work in that information
had to be entered and re-entered on different systems. Such manual duplication also
takes significant time of staff and resources, while holding back critical processes and
lowering organizational efficiency. For instance, in environments where instant decisions
are needed, for example in defense operations, such rebounds result in operation logjams
and mission failures. Whistles occur in integrations also, which causes significant issues
and poor operational performance. This manual process of managing knowledge also
restricts the participation of others, because the time taken to exchange information in this
manner discourages the teams from being collaborative. The data also acknowledged
how the cultures of organizations create dilemmas in their efforts to shift from the
conventional use of manual systems. As shown above, the respondents acknowledged
the importance of developing an integrated knowledge capture and distribution system
though these cultural barriers need to be overcome.

234

I. Filipas et al.

5.3 Loss of Tacit Knowledge and Weak Knowledge Transfer Mechanisms (H3)
The data revealed that inexperienced employees are deprived of formal educational training to fill gaps in their knowledge and become familiar with important tacit knowledge
as key personnel turnover within an organization – “There is a double flow of information
for failure reports. The first is sent to SIMAT (EMAT code, plate, etc.) and the second is
sent by email to provide details (photo, video, etc.). This creates a waste of time and a
lack of traceability. We don’t even have a notification on the CRDs.”. Conclusions made
from the analysis of interviews include but are not limited to considerations regarding
inadequate or absent knowledge transfer practices as the cause of tacit knowledge leakage in defense organizations. It is vital to keep an organization running efficiently and
one of the most vital forms of knowledge is implicit, which means the knowledge of
the person with practical experience in a given field of work. However, several participants argued that such knowledge is not usually documented or passed to successors
when employees quit or retire thereby the organization incurs a massive loss of vital
Information in system knowledge. Of the respondents, 51% said that being devoid of
well-developed knowledge acquisition processes poses a critical threat to sustainability.
Current business archive systems are constructed to record only documented information in business organizations which include manuals, technical writing and procedural
writing opposed to implicit information, which is the expertise that personnel gain in
the organizations over the years. However, they frequently fail to use the information in
practical situations since they lack the context that comes along with such experience.
Many respondents acknowledged that there is a reluctance among some senior personnel
to share their knowledge, either because they do not see the value in formalizing their
experiences or because they feel that newer employees should “figure things out” on
their own. This reluctance contributes to the difficulty of transferring tacit knowledge
and perpetuates knowledge gaps.
5.4 AI-Driven KM Solutions and Operational Efficiency (H4)
Implementing material through AI-driven solutions can facilitate knowledge processes,
increase real-time access, and increase operational effectiveness while imposing security
risks. From the interviews carried out, there was a lot of support for AI KM solutions in
the defense organizations especially, in the areas of automation of manual procedures and
access to information in real-time. More than three-quarters of those surveyed said that
AI could help to decrease the proportion of tasks that remained in the realm of manual
document processing – which is generally time-consuming and prone to mistakes – “It
is frustrating because the person wants to save time by saying to themselves, instead of
reading 40 documents that will take me a month, you continue to amplify the problem.”
Other significant recognitions with AI systems comprise the improvement of real-time
access to knowledge, which is a significant requirement in a defense environment where
decisions are often required based on the most up-to-date obtainable knowledge. For
instance, by using AI it would be feasible to process Big Data on logistics, condition of
equipment, and operation reports and give the decision makers an insight which would
otherwise take considerable time to prepare by analysis of several statistics. However,

Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context

235

it was understood that there were authorities and risks related to the capabilities of AIdriven KM systems in defense organizations – “It is not necessarily difficult, but what is
especially good is to make the diagnosis. Having tools to diagnose or even having the
intellectual procedures (Often, it is like flowcharts.) to diagnose on different materials.”
In this case, about 50% of the responders noted that they are uncomfortable with AI
systems being able to access sensitive and classified information. Another emerging
issue was building and maintaining trust in AI decision-making. Many respondents
mentioned the need for a hybrid model where the machines and artificial intelligence
manage the bulk of data processing, storing, and retrieval.
5.5 Ontology-Based Systems and Interoperability (H5)
Knowledge management systems enhance compatibility when combined with ontologybased systems. Interview data analysis showed that the majority of respondents had
concerns about the need for enhancing the interfaces between KM systems used in
defense organizations. Once again, participants posted challenges when encountering
several separated systems that are incapable of effectively sharing their data, which is
stored in completely dissimilar forms and classifications, rendering it challenging for
departments to share and apply expertise. As one responded, “We have a database with
docs, but it’s really a mess. We often spend more time looking for the doc with the right
information.” This challenge is compounded by the fact that different teams are likely
to be using their systems or databases or even where there is one common database it is
likely to be fragmented and inconsistent. A large number of the respondents believed that
by defining how knowledge has to be categorized and managed at an organizational level,
ontology-based systems could hold the key to the problem. Ontology-based systems call
for common language and categorisations and can increase data readability and accuracy
across the departments to a great extent as they form a base understanding of essential
terms and their linkages that may differ from one department to the other. According to
the respondents, what they realised was that whenever they needed to obtain information
that would help in decision-making, they had to use a variety of systems, all of which
had different structures, and different categorisation schemes.

6 Discussion
The study highlights the need to have a central database with a KM system to integrate
information from different departments, to address operational dysfunction, complications, and successful knowledge management [11]. More than 70% of the respondents
said that security measures delay access to information. This means there is a need to
come up with a more flexible approach towards security to offer an enabling environment for the sharing of knowledge and information while at the same time avoiding
compromise of sensitive data. There is also another identified issue of tacit knowledge
degeneration because of the lack of transfer tools; more than 50% of employees interviewed claimed that as experienced staff members leave, the essential expertise and
working knowledge of their organization frequently disappears.

236

I. Filipas et al.

Fig. 2. AI-Automated Knowledge Management Model for Defense Ecosystem

As demonstrated in this study, there is a dire need to develop a new KM model that
would respond to the challenges outlined above. In light of the major difficulties that
defense organizations experience in the management of knowledge, the paper introduces
the Intelligent Content Driven Process Automation (i-CDPA) model as a new paradigm.
The i-CDPA model, based on the use of highly developed automation and knowledge
management, provides a conceptual solution to address these urgent challenges. The
CDPA is split into two main stages. In the first Content Driven Phase, learners focus more
on knowledge acquisition and knowledge construction. Engineers design, arrange, and
verify technical products, processes, schemes, substructures, documents, and handicrafts
in this phase (Fig. 2). The content is segmented, identified, and interconnected. In the
second Process Automation Phase, the real-time, and interactive exploitation of the
data is made possible automatically. The working data is gathered, assignments are
performed, and results are evaluated contemporarily. Thus, this integration of AI helps
in content quality to ensure the information being collected is well-refined and contextrelevant. It defines what kind of information will be provided to users depending on their
constraints of operation and capability. The i-CDPA model focuses on the objective of
integration with other defense systems to enable fast and effective information sharing.
This eliminates unnecessary intermediary steps which must otherwise be followed to
achieve the same goal and enhance effectiveness. The model also emphasizes detailed
responses, that is, member-level solutions for each user to meet specific contexts and
improve decision-making and problem-solving functions.
The proposed i-CDPA model makes the effective control and coordination of complicated defense systems possible and easy throughout the systems’ life cycles. The model’s
implementation involves several interrelated phases. These phases interactively respond
to the various KM issues that arise at the ecosystem level. The first hypothesis phase
identifies knowledge silos, knowledge fragmentation, and inadequacy in the defense
ecosystem. The second exploration phase explores knowledge gaps and bottlenecks in
the ecosystem that include severed modules, manual data entry, and low traceability.

Knowledge Management Methodology for Complex Context

237

In this phase, AI-driven tools are used to analyze hefty datasets and spot inadequacies in prevailing procedures. The next conception phase emphasises formulating the
AI-augmented Knowledge Management System to mechanise knowledge storing, capturing, processing, and retrieving through AI tools and technologies. This phase solves
the issues of low teamwork, resistance to change, and a growing multiplicity of tasks
without strong accountability. The prototype phase is developed to automate and include
various developments across the defense ecosystem through automated data entry, realtime knowledge accessibility, and enhanced traceability. The proficiency of this phase
is tested by the experimentation phase to report the identified barriers and gaps, such as
reducing errors, rationalizing catalogue updates, and improving the accuracy of documentation. It is rigorously observed and advanced through continuous feedback to ensure
its capacity to solve and manage the dynamic and intricate requirements of the defense
ecosystem. In the next Scaling phases, the model ensures it can handle the cumulative amount of knowledge while preserving real-time access and traceability across the
entire defense organization. In the Valorisation phase, the process is designed to ensure
the system remains flexible to future deviations in complication and brings cost-effective,
coarse, and justified solutions to KM challenges.

7 Conclusion
This study discusses critical challenges to KM within the defense sector including knowledge fragmentation, manual processes, security and knowledge retention/tacit knowledge. The i-CDPA model also mitigates data security breaches like unauthorized access,
data leaks, AI bias and manipulation, cyber-attacks through operational access privileges, encryption, and monitoring. The research underlined the need for the effective
implementation of the KM model and strategies based on AI, which integrate all tools
and back up various processes, providing facile decision-making based on up-to-date
information. Hence, the study formulates an operational knowledge management model
reinforced by AI to enable the delivery of granular responses capable of controlling the
cost of growing complexity within defense ecosystems. The proposed model fits the
desired environment and meets the requirements of defense organizations. Concerning
the objectives of the conceptual model, it is suggested that by integrating the knowledge
systems, automating the manual process, and formalizing the tacit knowledge transfer,
the overall effectiveness of the KM practices will be enhanced with the security requirements. Nevertheless, AI integration in KM can pose threats like AI bias problems, and
data security breaches; however, the model provides reliable, secure, and non-partisan
KM for defense work.
Disclosure of Interests. The authors declare no competing interests.

References
1. Chmyr, V., Bhinder, N.: AI in the higher military institutions: challenges and perspectives for
military engineering training (2023)

238

I. Filipas et al.

2. Szabadföldi, I.: Artificial intelligence in military application–opportunities and challenges.
Land Forces Acad. Rev. 26(2), 157–165 (2021)
3. Mahmood, F., Khan, A.Z., Bokhari, R.H.: ERP issues and challenges: a research synthesis.
Kybernetes 49(3), 629–659 (2020)
4. Sharma, J., Mehra, P.S.: Secure communication in IOT-based UAV networks. Internet Things
100883 (2023)
5. Rashid, A.B., et al.: Artificial intelligence in the military: an overview of the capabilities,
applications, and challenges. IJIS 2023(1), 8676366 (2023)
6. Venkitachalam, K., Schiuma, G.: Strategic knowledge management in digital age–insights
and possible research directions. JSM 15(2), 169–174 (2022)
7. Osman, M.A., Noah, S.A.M., Saad, S.: Ontology-based knowledge management tools for
knowledge sharing in organization—a review. IEEE Access 10, 43267–43283 (2022)
8. Abbas, Z., Yazdani, N., Hameed, K.: Development of Nonaka’s thought: a critical review.
PJHSS 12(2), 951–958 (2024)
9. Cerchione, R., et al. The WISED knowledge-creating company: rethinking SECI model in
light of the digital transition. JKM (2024)
10. Goswami, A.K., Agrawal, R. K., Goswami, M.: Influence of national culture on knowledge
management process: literature review and research agenda. Benchmarking: Int. J. 28(4),
1186–1212 (2021)
11. Suomalainen, J., Ahmad, I., Shajan, A., Savunen, T.: Cybersecurity for tactical 6G networks:
threats, architecture, and intelligence. FGCS 162 (2025)

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit
Optimization Using ZX Calculus
Tobias Fischbach(B) , Pierre Talbot , and Pascal Bouvry
Department of Computer Science, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette,
Luxembourg
{tobias.fischbach,pierre.talbot,pascal.bouvry}@uni.lu

Abstract. Quantum computers allow a near-exponential speed-up for
speciﬁc applications when compared to classical computers. Despite
recent advances in the hardware of quantum computers, their practical usage is still severely limited due to a restricted number of available
physical qubits and quantum gates, short coherence time, and high error
rates. This paper lays the foundation towards a metric independent approach to quantum circuit optimization based on exhaustive search algorithms. This work uses depth-ﬁrst search and iterative deepening depthﬁrst search. We rely on ZX calculus to represent and optimize quantum
circuits through the minimization of a given metric (e.g. the T-gate and
edge count). ZX calculus formally guarantees that the semantics of the
original circuit is preserved. As ZX calculus is a non-terminating rewriting system, we utilise a novel set of pruning rules to ensure termination
while still obtaining high-quality solutions. We provide the ﬁrst formalization of quantum circuit optimization using ZX calculus and exhaustive
search. We extensively benchmark our approach on 100 standard quantum circuits. Finally, our implementation is integrated in the well-known
libraries PyZX and Qiskit as a compiler pass to ensure applicability of
our results.
Keywords: Quantum Circuit Optimization · ZX Calculus ·
Exhaustive Search

1

Introduction

Quantum computers allow a near-exponential speed-up for speciﬁc applications
when compared to classical computers. Typical examples that are beneﬁtted by
quantum computing include the simulation of quantum systems, solving combinatorial problems, performing machine learning and breaking cryptography [23].
However, current quantum computers lack the resources to address complex
real-world problems. These restrictions concern the number of available physical
qubits and quantum gates, high error rates, and a short coherence time. Quantum error correction aims to mitigate these challenges at the cost of a higher
resource demand [9].
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 239–253, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_18

240

T. Fischbach et al.

Similarly to classical computing, quantum circuits describe quantum programs within the quantum gate model. These circuits are independent of an
underlying architecture and allow universal computation [10]. Users typically
use Cliﬀord gates with the T-gate as the chosen universal gate set because it
can be eﬃciently simulated on classical computers [1]. However, diﬀerent types
of gates require varying amounts of resources, with the T-gate requiring more
physical qubits and error correction code than Cliﬀord gates to be implemented
in a quantum device [19].
Inherent limitations in quantum architecture are the number of available physical qubits and quantum gates, as well as a short coherence time.
These limitations can be addressed by architecture-dependent optimization that
improves the mapping of a quantum circuit onto a speciﬁc quantum hardware.
Architecture-dependent quantum circuit optimization can be treated as a classical optimization problem that can be solved exactly [41]. Other methods include
heuristics and deep learning [20, 30].
In this paper, we target architecture-independent optimization which aims to
simplify a quantum circuit by reducing general and common limitation factors
across architectures such as the number of quantum gates, logical qubits and
the circuit depth. Despite the existence of inﬁnite universal gate sets, common
methods employ gate commutation rules [26] and circuit simpliﬁcation [35] for
frequently used universal gate sets. These heuristic approaches suﬀer from several
drawbacks. First, it is necessary to prove that each new simpliﬁcation rule is
correct, to make sure that the semantics of the original circuit is preserved.
Second, there is no guarantee of optimality, even for small circuits. And ﬁnally,
the heuristics are tailored to optimize one particular objective and must be
redesigned when the requirements change. To tackle these challenges, several
optimization methods based on ZX calculus (Sect. 2) recently emerged [15,38].
ZX calculus is a universal, compact and complete rewriting system [11,13].
An object in ZX calculus is depicted graphically and called a ZX diagram. Quantum circuits and ZX diagrams both represent a linear map between qubits. ZX
calculus is universal because every quantum circuit can be converted to a ZX
diagram. It is complete because applying any rule preserves semantics, which
means that the linear map of qubits remains unchanged [3,4,27]. Finally, ZX
calculus is compact because it consists only of two generators and eight rules. A
ZX diagram can be converted back to a quantum circuit, which is a non-trivial
process known as the circuit extraction problem [6].
However, some characteristics of ZX calculus make the design of an optimization algorithm challenging:
– High memory requirements: Real-world quantum circuits result in large
ZX diagrams with high memory requirements for every state.
– Non-terminating: Inﬁnite rewriting sequences exist.
– Failed states: The extraction of ZX diagrams to quantum circuit might fail
(or be prohibitively long) with current algorithms. Checking if a diagram is
extractable is time consuming and prevents us from exploring a large number
of nodes.

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

241

In light of these challenges, we contribute a proof of concept to quantum circuit optimization by employing iterative deepening depth-first search (IDDFS)
to systematically explore the rewritten ZX diagrams. IDDFS is a well-known
state-space search strategy, which is simple, memory eﬃcient and provides a
good trade-oﬀ between exploration and exploitation [33]. Our approach is general in the sense that the same search strategy can be employed to optimize
diﬀerent metrics. A metric can be deﬁned on the basis of characteristics of the
ZX diagram or its corresponding quantum circuit. In particular, we aim to ﬁnd
a ZX diagram that minimizes the T-gate count due to its high impact on the
practicability of current quantum architectures. Furthermore, we demonstrate
the metric independence of our approach by optimizing the edge count of the
ZX diagram. In sum, the contributions of this paper are as follows:
1. A formal description of ZX diagram optimization and the ﬁrst state-space
search algorithm applied to ZX diagram optimization (Sect. 3).
2. Proof of concept implementation that is extensively benchmarked on 100
standard quantum circuits that is equating the state-of-the-art full reduce
algorithm on 89% of the circuits within 1.5 h. (Sect. 4.1).
3. A PyZX and Qiskit based transpiler pass to support the practical adoption
of our results.

2

Preliminaries

2.1

ZX Calculus

ZX calculus, introduced by Coecke and Duncan [12,13] in 2008, is a universal framework for diagrammatic reasoning between linear maps of qubits. It
provides a complete set of sound semantic-preserving rewriting rules, even for
arbitrary real phases [3,4, 27,28]. Completeness signiﬁes that the linear map of a
ZX diagram remains unchanged after modiﬁcations through a rewriting rule. ZX
calculus is universal and allows users to represent any quantum circuit as a ZX
diagram. The elementary building blocks of quantum circuits are quantum gates
and wires. Analogously, the elementary building blocks in ZX calculus—called
generators—are spiders, wires, swap and Bell states.
A spider is a tensor which operates on qubits in either the Z-basis {|0 , |1
(green) or X-basis
, |+ (red). Spiders possess n inputs, m outputs and
carry a phase α. The linear map of a spider for phase α = 0 results in the
identity matrix m1l n and therefore acts as a wire. Spiders with phases that are
2 ×2

multiples of π2 can implement all Cliﬀord gates. The T-gate corresponds to a
Z-spider with a phase of π4 . Cliﬀord gates and the T-gate form a universal gate
set together.

Wires connect the outputs of one spider with the inputs of other spiders. The
identity matrix 1l implements the linear map of wires.

242

T. Fischbach et al.

Fig. 1. The basic rewriting rules of ZX calculus.

A yellow box connected by wires indicates a Hadamard generator. Euler
decomposition, known as the Hadamard rule (hd), splits a Hadamard generator
into a sequence of Z and X spiders [16].
The swap generator swaps the spiders on a wire and implements the identical
linear map as the swap gate in the quantum circuit notation.
In ZX calculus, bent wires depict the Bell state and the Bell eﬀect and are
known as cup and cap.

A typical ZX diagram consists of many connected spiders and Hadamard generators. Matrix multiplication composes the linear map of sequentially connected
spiders. The tensor product composes the linear map between non-sequential
connected spiders and Hadamards, meaning that generators are parallel to each
other.
Only topology matters is an important concept in ZX calculus. It states that
the linear map between qubits of a ZX diagram remains unchanged as long as
its connectivity stays the same. As a consequence, bending wires (e.g. cups and
caps) and moving spiders do not change the ZX diagram [13].
2.2

Rewriting Rules

This section introduces the basic rewriting rules of ZX calculus that are outlined in Fig. 1 [13, 40]. All rules remain valid under colour inversion. We give an
example of the application of successive rewriting rules, explained below, on a
simple ZX diagram in Fig. 2.
Spider Fusion (f ). Connected spiders of the same colour fuse through modulo2π addition of their phases. The reverse unfusing operation is always possible,
because connecting additional spiders with a phase of α = 0 will not change the
modulo-2π addition. As a consequence, inﬁnite spiders can be unfused. Figure 2

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

243

highlights the fusion of two green non-phase-carrying spiders with their neighbouring phase-carrying spiders.
Local Complementation (lc). The local complementation rule [34] originates
from graph theory. For all directly connected spiders of a target spider, local
complementation connects previously unconnected spiders and disconnects previously connected spiders. Local complementation of the highlighted red spider in
the bottom qubit row is illustrated in Fig. 2. The two green spiders connected to
the highlighted red spider connect via local complementation. Performing a second local complementation at the same red spider would disconnect the two
green phase-carrying spiders again. Pivoting describes a series of local complementations.
Colour Change (h). Adding Hadamard generators to each input and output
inverts the colour of a spider. In Fig. 2, all red spiders turn green with the
addition of Hadamard generators.
Identity Removal (i1, i2). Non-phase-carrying spiders that are directly connected to other spiders function as wires and leave the linear map of qubits
unchanged. The identity matrix m1l n represents the linear map of such spi2 ×2

ders. A single wire replaces a phaseless spider with n = 1 and m = 1. Similarly,
two directly connected Hadamard generators cancel each other out and act as a
wire. Applying the identity removal rule on the fused diagram in Fig. 2 removes
all non-phase-carrying spiders that possess one input and one output. Furthermore, identity rules are used to convert a ZX diagram to be graph-like (see
Deﬁnition 1) by ensuring that spiders always connect with each other through
Hadamard generators and by the addition of potentially missing spiders at the
input and output.
Bialgebra (b). The bialgebra rule originates from the algebraic commutation
relation between the copy and the or gate. It allows connected and oppositecoloured spiders to move through each other at the cost of potentially adding
spiders.
Copy ( π, c). π copying moves an input spider that carries the phase α = π
through an opposite coloured spider to all connected wires while multiplying the
phase by −1. If the input spider does not have any input wire (n = 0) and the
phase is a multiple of π, the opposite coloured spider vanishes. This second rule
is referred to as the state copying, because it copies the computational basis
through an opposite-coloured spider.
2.3

ZX-Based Circuit Optimization

Recent advances in quantum circuit optimization combine the ZX calculus with
algorithmic, heuristic or deep learning approaches [15,38,42]. PyZX is a popular
Python library to work with ZX calculus and supports state-of-the-art circuit
optimization with a focus on T-gate reduction [31,32]. To simplify ZX diagrams
using basic rewriting rules, PyZX assumes that the ZX diagrams are graph-like.

244

T. Fischbach et al.

Fig. 2. Successive applications of rewriting rules to a simple ZX diagram (to be read
from left to right and top to bottom).

Definition 1. Graph-like ZX diagrams are only composed of Z spiders (green)
that are connected by Hadamard wires. Input/Output possesses at most one wire
that can only connect to one spider.
The ﬁnal diagram in Fig. 2 is graph-like. Every ZX diagram can be converted
to be graph-like using the h-rule and the identity rules i1 and i2.
Reducing the number of T-gates in a given quantum circuit is crucial because
implementing the required quantum error correction on quantum hardware
demands signiﬁcantly more resources compared to Cliﬀord gates [9,14].
The full reduce algorithm is the main optimization algorithm of PyZX. It
aims to decrease the number of T-gates of a given graph-like ZX diagram by
targeting spiders that carry phase a multiple of π2 and π [15,32].
After optimizing a ZX diagram, the corresponding quantum circuit needs to
be extracted. While converting a quantum circuit into ZX diagram is a straightforward process, the opposite is #P-hard (at least as hard as NP-complete problems) and is known as the circuit extraction problem [6]. Polynomial time algorithms exist for ZX diagrams that are graph-like and preserve the generalized
ﬂow [5]. The disadvantage of current circuit extraction algorithms is that the connectivity of spiders in the ZX representation is replicated by two-qubit gates in
the resulting quantum circuit.
Recent advances optimize two-qubit gates by reducing the number of edges
in a given ZX diagram. Staudacher et al. [40] proposed a heuristic that calculates
the cost based on the number of edges after rule application and uses a greedy
or stochastic algorithm to select the next rule.
This paper focuses on ZX diagram optimization and not on the circuit extraction problem. Therefore, the standard PyZX extraction algorithm is used for all
experiments [15].

3

ZX Diagram Optimization

Let ZX be the inﬁnite set of all ﬁnite ZX diagrams, QC the set of quantum
circuits and LM the set of linear maps of qubits. We have two functions α :
QC → ZX and extract : ZX → QC ∪ {⊥} that convert a quantum circuit into a
ZX diagram and conversely. The function extract can map to a special element

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

245

⊥ when it fails to extract a quantum circuit from a diagram. Additionally, we
have a function γ : QC → LM that maps a quantum circuit to its linear map
of qubits.
A quantum circuit optimization algorithm is a function f : QC → QC that
optimizes some properties of the quantum circuit. We say that f is semanticpreserving whenever, for all q ∈ QC, we have γ(q) = γ(f (q)).
Let R = {h, b, lc, f, i1, i2, π, c, hd} be the set of rewriting rules presented in
Sect. 2.2. A ZX rewriting rule r ∈ R is a function ZX → ZX such that the
function extract ◦ r ◦ α is semantic-preserving when the extraction succeeds.
A ZX-based quantum circuit optimization algorithm is searching for an
extractable ZX diagram that optimizes one or more properties of the quantum circuit. Let q ∈ QC be a quantum circuit and opt : ZX → Z ∪ {⊥} be the
optimization function mapping a ZX diagram to a metric (e.g. the number of
T-gates, edges or two-qubit gates). The function opt can map the special element
⊥ when it fails to compute a metric from a ZX diagram. Without loss of generality, we consider that we aim at minimizing opt. The ZX state-space of q is a
set W ⊆ ZX such that w ∈ W if there exists a ﬁnite sequence of rewriting rules
r1 , . . . , rn such that w = (rn ◦. . .◦r1 ◦α)(q). The set of solutions S ⊆ W are all the
extractable ZX diagrams in W , that is, ∀w ∈ W , extract(w) = ⊥ ⇔ w ∈ S. The
set of optimal solutions is the largest set O ⊆ S such that for all o ∈ O, s ∈ S,
we have opt(o) ≤ opt(s).
There are challenges pertaining to the exploration of the ZX state-space.
Firstly, real-world quantum circuits result in large ZX diagrams with a high
memory demand for every state. Secondly, the state-space to explore is inﬁnite
because the ZX rules rewriting system is non-terminating, e.g. unfusing phaseless
spiders and colour changing is always possible. Thirdly, to ﬁnd a solution we must
extract a circuit, which is a computationally expensive operation that may fail
if the general ﬂow is not preserved [5]. Although it is possible to optimize a
metric completely deﬁned on the ZX diagram (e.g. number of T-gates, vertices
and edges), other metrics of interest (e.g. number of two-qubits gates, circuit
depth and overall gate count) are deﬁned on the extracted circuit. Even though
we focus in our experiments on the T-gate and edge count, our approach is
general and can be reused for any of those metrics.
In this paper, we rely on iterative deepening depth-ﬁrst search (IDDFS),
which is a simple and eﬃcient optimization algorithm, to tackle these challenges [33]. More advanced optimization algorithms are diﬃcult to use in the
context of ZX optimization. For example, constraint-based combinatorial optimization such as linear programming and constraint programming require explicitly encoding the rewriting rules as constraints and do not usually support
unbounded rewriting sequences out of the box. Dynamic programming is an
interesting approach to avoid re-exploring the same state multiple times, but it
requires to store a prohibitively high number of states. We would need to ﬁnd a
more compact representation of states, which we leave for future work.
An interesting aspect of IDDFS is to strike the right balance between exploration and exploitation. It is based on depth-ﬁrst search (DFS) which is a back-

246

T. Fischbach et al.

tracking algorithm applying rules in sequence until it ﬁnds a leaf node, at which
point it backtracks to the previous decision made. The problem with DFS is that
wrong decisions taken early in the search tree condemn the search strategy to
explore large uninteresting subtrees. In the worst-case scenario, DFS reaches a
deep leaf node with a state that is unextractable. Instead, IDDFS applies DFS
with a depth bound, exploring successive search trees of increasing depth. It is
especially useful when we do not have a good heuristic to select the next node
to explore, which is the case here, since it is hard to predict which rules might
lead to a better solution. Another advantage of IDDFS is to use as much memory as DFS while exploring the search tree in breadth as well. Note that for
completeness, we experiment with DFS when evaluating our approach.
A leaf node is a ZX diagram d ∈ ZX such that one of these conditions is
true:
– For all rules r ∈ R \ {h} we have r(d) = d, that is, no rule besides colour
change is able to rewrite the diagram.
– One of the pruning conditions is true.
When we reach a leaf node, we test whether opt(d) is better than the previously
found solution, if any. In case of improvement, we check whether the ZX diagram
is extractable or not using extract(d) = ⊥. If it is extractable, we save the ZX
diagram as the current best solution.
Pruning conditions reduce the search tree eﬀectively and ensure that the
search terminates in ﬁnite time. The pruning conditions used throughout this
paper are the following:
– No spider unfusion. It is always possible to separate one spider into multiple
spiders as long as the mod π sum of all involved spiders remains unchanged.
– Rule bundling. If a rule can rewrite a given ZX diagram more than once, all
possible modiﬁcations are performed in a batch, hence generating only one
node in the search tree.
– No colour cycle. Disallowing consecutive colour changing rule application
avoids inﬁnite paths that consist only of recolouring spiders.
– Global time limit. After a set time limit is exceeded, the search is terminated
and the best solution found so far is returned.

4

Computational Experiments

The proposed DFS and IDDFS approaches are implemented in Python and evaluated against PyZX’s implementation of full reduce using a diverse set of quantum circuits [15, 37].
Although the search algorithms employed are fairly simple and well-known,
their combination with ZX-calculus and the pruning condition implemented in
a reproducible and integrated framework is not straightforward. A tight integration with PyZX and Qiskit, as well as the contribution of a Qiskit transpiler

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

247

pass, ensures the reusability of our approach. The overall project is 7000 lines of
code.
Every search instance was executed on a Xeon Gold 6132 clocked at 2.6 GHz
and 64 GB of 2400 MHz DDR4 of available RAM running Rocky Linux 8.10 with
Python 3.12.
We evaluated the performance of the various algorithms on the complete set
of 100 standard quantum circuits using the pruning conditions introduced in
Sect. 3. A global timeout of 1.5 h is set for every instance. The rules are ordered
such that a change connectivity (e.g. pivoting and local complementation) takes
priority over spider count reduction (e.g. fusion and identity removal). Upon
completion of an instance, the optimized quantum circuit can be fed into a
transpilation pipeline for further processing. In a ﬁrst set of experiments, we
minimized the T-gate count of ZX diagrams. To demonstrate the generality of
our approach, a second set of experiments that minimizes the edge count of ZX
diagrams is executed. The full results for every instance, including a comparison
with full-reduce and the algorithm runtimes, are available in the supplementary
material.
4.1

T-Gate Reduction

Fig. 3. (a) Time evolution against the solution of full reduce. (b) Time evolution of
the best solution found. (Color ﬁgure online)

The DFS search exhibits poorer performance, only equating full reduce in
46% of the instances, compared to IDDFS search. IDDFS equates full reduce in
89% of the instances. Neither DFS nor IDDFS approaches are able to outperform
full reduce within the 1.5 h time limit. Nevertheless, it should be noted that
the DFS search is able to equate full reduce on three circuits on which IDDFS
leads to poorer results.

248

T. Fischbach et al.

Figure 3a shows the time evolution of the best solution of DFS (red) and
IDDFS (blue). As neither DFS nor IDDFS outperform full reduce, only solutions
that equate full reduce are shown. DFS almost immediately equals full reduce in
41% of the instances and only equating full reduce on additional 5% of the
instances for the remaining 1.5 h. In contrast, IDDFS requires 16 min to level
the performance of DFS and equals full reduce in 80% of the instances within the
ﬁrst 60 min. Overall, IDDFS equals full reduce on 89% of the instances within
the 1.5 h time limit.
4.2

Edge Reduction

Figure 3b visualizes the time evolution of the best solution of DFS (red) and
IDDFS (blue). Within the 1.5 h time limit, IDDFS is able to ﬁnd the best solution in 86% of the instances.
DFS results only in the best solution exclusively in 1% of the instances and
shares the best solution in 31% of the instances. IDDFS improves the performance of DFS and leads to an exclusively best solution for 54% of the instances
and shares its best solution in 32% of the instances.
It should be noted, that despite being designed to reduce the T-gate count,
full reduce achieves the exclusively best solution on 13% of the instances and
shares a best solution in an additional 2% of the instances.
Compared to the unoptimized quantum circuit, DFS improves the edge count
on average by 11%. IDDFS exhibits better performance and reduces the edge
count by 22% within the 1.5 h time limit. Full reduce improves the edge count
by 3%. We optimized the edge count to demonstrate the applicability of our
algorithm to other metrics. Furthermore, optimizing the edge count is interesting because current state-of-the-art circuit extraction algorithms replicate the
connectivity of spiders with two-qubit gates, therefore potentially increasing the
circuit depth and two-qubit gate count.
Our results are more contrasted as reducing the edge count did not necessarily
translate in a reduction of the of two-qubit gate count. On the contrary, more
two-qubit gates are added for the vast majority of instances. DFS results in a
higher two-qubit gate count in 41% of the instances and only reduces the twoqubit gate count in 1% of the instances. IDDFS yields to poorer performance
and adds two-qubit gates in 85% of the instances and reduces the two-qubit
gate count in 1% of the instances. translates in a reduction of the two-qubit gate
count. Staudacher et al. [40] showed that they were able to translate an average
reduction in the edge count by 23% in a reduction of the two-qubit gate count by
16%.

5

Related Work

Recent advances have been made to optimize the T-gate count in quantum circuits. Fault tolerant quantum computing introduces quantum error correction

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

249

code that increases the resource demand, especially for the T-gate. Improvements in the T-gate count that leverages the quantum error code were achieved
with Matroid partitioning [2]. Template based techniques improve the quantum
circuit synthesis by reducing the T-gate count and circuit depth [8].
The ﬁrst proposed optimization strategy using ZX calculus is restricted to
Cliﬀord gates [18]. The state-of-the-art optimization algorithm full reduce targets Cliﬀord and T-gates [15, 32]. Other techniques optimize the T-gate count
through the treatment of Cliﬀord gates and Pauli operators as π4 rotations
around each other [43]. Additionally, new causal ﬂow preserving optimization
techniques ensure the extractability of a quantum circuit from a ZX diagram [24].
An improved T-gate count for arithmetic circuits, e.g. integer multiplication,
was found by applying the ZX rewriting rules [29]. Reinforcement learning strategies based on ZX calculus that target the T-gate and two-qubit gate count
emerged in recent years [38, 39]. Heuristics that target the two-qubit counts
ensures the usefulness of ZX calculus for photonic quantum computing and other
quantum hardware that does not perform error correction [40]. Other approaches
combine heuristics and ZX calculus for the architecture-aware optimization of
quantum circuits [21,42].
Heuristic approaches deal with the time complexity involved in quantum
circuit optimization. In principle, a heuristic pattern matching algorithm is
combined with gate commutation rules to minimize the total gate count [25].
Boolean satisﬁability is an exact approach for the optimization of classical circuits. Despite the challenging encoding of quantum gates, advances have been
made to bring this approach to quantum circuit optimization [7,36]. Recently,
reinforcement learning techniques emerged for quantum circuit optimization and
mapping of quantum circuits for speciﬁc quantum architectures [17,20]. Gate
commutation rules and templates proved also advantageous for the mapping of
quantum circuits [26].

6

Conclusion

This paper lays the foundation to apply exhaustive search to ZX diagrams for the
optimization of quantum circuits. The combination of the semantics-preserving
rewriting rule of ZX calculus with the exhaustive search algorithms depth-first
search (DFS) and iterative deepening depth-first search (IDDFS) enables to target metrics of the ZX diagram or its corresponding quantum circuit without
being designed for one speciﬁc metric.
Our results indicate that IDDFS is a more eﬀective approach for ZX diagram
optimization than DFS. Within the 1.5 h time limit IDDFS is able to equate
state-of-the-art algorithms that reduce the T-gate count in 89% of the instances
and competes with novel approaches that reduce the edge count, demonstrating
the applicability of our approach.
A Qiskit compiler pass that implements the DFS and IDDFS approach, with
conﬁgurable pruning conditions and integration with the PyZX library, is available on GitLab (https://gitlab.com/NetForceExplorer/zx_dfs/-/releases/v1.0OLA_2025).

250

T. Fischbach et al.

Our results demonstrate that not every reduction in the edge count translates into a reduction in the two-qubit gate count. Upcoming work could focus
on the enhancement of the edge count metric to better approximate the twoqubit gate count after circuit extraction. Future eﬀorts should address the
scalability issue for large circuits of the IDDFS and DFS based optimization.
The principal idea of ZX diagram optimization is to change the connectivity
and the fusion of spiders, hence a limited discrepancy search could improve
the performance [22]. The application of dynamic programming techniques
could trade computational performance for higher memory requirements. Finally,
bridging the gap from architecture-independent optimization towards quantum
architecture-aware optimization could address the execution of real-world quantum circuits on next-generation hardware.
Acknowledgement. Tobias Fischbach acknowledges ﬁnancial support from the Institute for Advanced Studies of the University of Luxembourg through a YOUNG ACADEMICS Grant (YOUNG ACADEMICS- 2022-NETCOM).

References
1. Aaronson, S., Gottesman, D.: Improved simulation of stabilizer circuits. Phys. Rev.
A 70(5), 052328 (2004). https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevA.70.052328
2. Amy, M., Maslov, D., Mosca, M.: Polynomial-time T-depth optimization of Clifford+T circuits via matroid partitioning. IEEE Trans. Comput. Aided Des. Integr.
Circuits Syst. 33(10), 1476–1489 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2014.
2341953
3. Backens, M.: The ZX-calculus is complete for stabilizer quantum mechanics. New
J. Phys. 16(9), 093021 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1088/1367-2630/16/9/093021
4. Backens, M.: Making the stabilizer ZX-calculus complete for scalars. Electron.
Proc. Theor. Comput. Sci. 195, 17–32 (2015). https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.
195.2
5. Backens, M., Miller-Bakewell, H., de Felice, G., Lobski, L., van de Wetering,
J.: There and back again: a circuit extraction tale. https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.
01664v3 (2020). https://doi.org/10.22331/q-2021-03-25-421
6. de Beaudrap, N., Kissinger, A., van de Wetering, J.: Circuit extraction for
ZX-diagrams can be #P-Hard. In: Bojańczyk, M., Merelli, E., Woodruﬀ, D.P.
(eds.) 49th International Colloquium on Automata, Languages, and Programming (ICALP 2022). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs),
vol. 229, pp. 119:1–119:19. Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik,
Dagstuhl (2022). https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICALP.2022.119, https://drops.
dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICALP.2022.119

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

251

7. Berent, L., Burgholzer, L., Wille, R.: Towards a SAT encoding for quantum circuits: a journey from classical circuits to cliﬀord circuits and beyond. In: DROPSIDN/v2/Document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2022.18. Schloss-Dagstuhl - Leibniz Zentrum für Informatik (2022). https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2022.18
8. Biswal, L., Das, R., Bandyopadhyay, C., Chattopadhyay, A., Rahaman, H.: A
template-based technique for eﬃcient Cliﬀord+T-based quantum circuit implementation. Microelectron. J. 81, 58–68 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.mejo.2018.08.
011
9. Campbell, E.T., Terhal, B.M., Vuillot, C.: Roads towards fault-tolerant universal quantum computation. Nature 549(7671), 172–179 (2017). https://doi.org/10.
1038/nature23460
10. Chi-Chih Yao, A.: Quantum circuit complexity. In: Proceedings of 1993 IEEE 34th
Annual Foundations of Computer Science, pp. 352–361 (1993). https://doi.org/10.
1109/SFCS.1993.366852
11. Coecke, B., Duncan, R.: Interacting quantum observables. In: Aceto, L., Damgård,
I., Goldberg, L.A., Halldórsson, M.M., Ingólfsdóttir, A., Walukiewicz, I. (eds.)
ICALP 2008. LNCS, vol. 5126, pp. 298–310. Springer, Heidelberg (2008). https://
doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-70583-3_25
12. Coecke, B., Duncan, R.: Interacting quantum observables. In: Aceto, L., Damgård,
I., Goldberg, L.A., Halldórsson, M.M., Ingólfsdóttir, A., Walukiewicz, I. (eds.)
ICALP 2008. LNCS, vol. 5126, pp. 298–310. Springer, Heidelberg (2008). https://
doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-70583-3_25
13. Coecke, B., Kissinger, A.: Picturing Quantum Processes: A First Course in Quantum Theory and Diagrammatic Reasoning. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge (2017). https://doi.org/10.1017/9781316219317
14. Ding, Y., Holmes, A., Javadi-Abhari, A., Franklin, D., Martonosi, M., Chong, F.T.:
Magic-state functional units: mapping and scheduling multi-level distillation circuits for fault-tolerant quantum architectures (2018). https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.
01302v1, https://doi.org/10.1109/MICRO.2018.00072
15. Duncan, R., Kissinger, A., Perdrix, S., van de Wetering, J.: Graph-theoretic simpliﬁcation of quantum circuits with the ZX-calculus. Quantum 4, 279 (2020). https://
doi.org/10.22331/q-2020-06-04-279
16. Duncan, R., Perdrix, S.: Graph states and the necessity of Euler decomposition.
In: Ambos-Spies, K., Löwe, B., Merkle, W. (eds.) CiE 2009. LNCS, vol. 5635, pp.
167–177. Springer, Heidelberg (2009). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-030734_18
17. Elsayed Amer, N., Gomaa, W., Kimura, K., Ueda, K., El-Mahdy, A.: On the optimality of quantum circuit initial mapping using reinforcement learning. EPJ Quantum Technol. 11(1), 19 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1140/epjqt/s40507-024-002251
18. Fagan, A., Duncan, R.: Optimising cliﬀord circuits with quantomatic. Electron.
Proc. Theor. Comput. Sci. 287, 85–105 (2019). https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.
287.5
19. Fowler, A.G., Mariantoni, M., Martinis, J.M., Cleland, A.N.: Surface codes:
towards practical large-scale quantum computation (2012). https://arxiv.org/abs/
1208.0928v2, https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevA.86.032324
20. Fösel, T., Niu, M.Y., Marquardt, F., Li, L.: Quantum circuit optimization with
deep reinforcement learning (2021). https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.07585
21. Gogioso, S., Yeung, R.: Annealing optimisation of mixed ZX phase circuits (2023).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2206.11839

252

T. Fischbach et al.

22. Harvey, W.D., Ginsberg, M.L.: Limited discrepancy search. In: Proceedings of the
14th International Joint Conference on Artiﬁcial Intelligence (IJCAI), pp. 607–615
(1995)
23. Hassija, V., Chamola, V., Goyal, A., Kanhere, S.S., Guizani, N.: Forthcoming applications of quantum computing: peeking into the future. IET Quantum Commun.
1(2), 35–41 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1049/iet-qtc.2020.0026
24. Holker, C.: Causal ﬂow preserving optimisation of quantum circuits in the ZXcalculus (2024). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2312.02793
25. Iten, R., Moyard, R., Metger, T., Sutter, D., Woerner, S.: Exact and practical pattern matching for quantum circuit optimization. ACM Trans. Quantum Comput.
3(1), 4:1–4:41 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3498325
26. Itoko, T., Raymond, R., Imamichi, T., Matsuo, A.: Optimization of quantum circuit mapping using gate transformation and commutation. Integration 70, 43–50
(2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.vlsi.2019.10.004
27. Jeandel, E., Perdrix, S., Vilmart, R.: A complete axiomatisation of the ZXcalculus for Cliﬀord+T quantum mechanics. In: Proceedings of the 33rd Annual
ACM/IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science, pp. 559–568. LICS 2018.
Association for Computing Machinery, New York (2018). https://doi.org/10.1145/
3209108.3209131
28. Jeandel, E., Perdrix, S., Vilmart, R.: Diagrammatic reasoning beyond Cliﬀord+T
quantum mechanics. In: Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium
on Logic in Computer Science, LICS 2018, pp. 569–578. Association for Computing
Machinery, New York (2018). https://doi.org/10.1145/3209108.3209139
29. Joshi, A., et al.: Quantum circuit optimization of arithmetic circuits using ZX
calculus (2023). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2306.02264
30. Khairy, S., Shaydulin, R., Cincio, L., Alexeev, Y., Balaprakash, P.: Reinforcementlearning-based variational quantum circuits optimization for combinatorial problems. ArXiv (2019)
31. Kissinger, A., van de Wetering, J.: PyZX: large scale automated diagrammatic
reasoning. Electron. Proc. Theor. Comput. Sci. 318, 229–241 (2020). https://doi.
org/10.4204/EPTCS.318.14
32. Kissinger, A., van de Wetering, J.: Reducing T-count with the ZX-calculus. Phys.
Rev. A 102(2), 022406 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevA.102.022406
33. Korf, R.E.: Depth-ﬁrst iterative-deepening: an optimal admissible tree search.
Artif. Intell. 27(1), 97–109 (1985). https://doi.org/10.1016/0004-3702(85)900840
34. Kotzig, A.: Eulerian lines in ﬁnite 4-valent graphs and their transformations. Theory Graphs 219–230 (1968)
35. Maslov, D., Dueck, G.W., Miller, D.M., Negrevergne, C.: Quantum circuit simpliﬁcation and level compaction. IEEE Trans. Comput. Aided Des. Integr. Circuits
Syst. 27(3), 436–444 (2008). https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2007.911334
36. Meuli, G., Soeken, M., De Micheli, G.: SAT-based CNOT, T quantum circuit
synthesis. In: Kari, J., Ulidowski, I. (eds.) RC 2018. LNCS, vol. 11106, pp. 175–
188. Springer, Cham (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-99498-7_12
37. Nam, Y., Ross, N.J., Su, Y., Childs, A.M., Maslov, D.: GitHub - meamy/tpar: a quantum circuit optimizer based on sum-over-paths representations (2019).
https://github.com/meamy/t-par
38. Nägele, M., Marquardt, F.: Optimizing ZX-diagrams with deep reinforcement
learning (2023)
39. Riu, J., Nogué, J., Vilaplana, G., Garcia-Saez, A., Estarellas, M.P.: Reinforcement
learning based quantum circuit optimization via ZX-calculus (2023)

Exhaustive Search for Quantum Circuit Optimization Using ZX Calculus

253

40. Staudacher, K., Guggemos, T., Grundner-Culemann, S., Gehrke, W.: Reducing
2-QuBit gate count for ZX-calculus based quantum circuit optimization. In: Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science, vol. 394, pp. 29–45 (2023).
https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.394.3
41. Venturelli, D., Do, M., Rieﬀel, E., Frank, J.: Compiling quantum circuits to realistic hardware architectures using temporal planners. Quantum Sci. Technol. 3(2),
025004 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1088/2058-9565/aaa331
42. Winderl, D., Huang, Q., Mendl, C.B.: A recursively partitioned approach to
architecture-aware ZX Polynomial synthesis and optimization. In: 2023 IEEE International Conference on Quantum Computing and Engineering (QCE), pp. 837–847
(2023). https://doi.org/10.1109/QCE57702.2023.00098
43. Zhang, F., Chen, J.: Optimizing T gates in Cliﬀord+T circuit as $π/4$ rotations
around Paulis (2019)

Almost Linear Time Consistent Mode
Estimation and Quick Shift Clustering
Sajjad Hashemian(B)
University of Tehran, Tehran, Iran
sajjadhashemian@ut.ac.ir

Abstract. In this paper, we propose a method for density-based clustering in high-dimensional spaces that combines Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) with the Quick Shift algorithm. The Quick Shift algorithm,
known for its hierarchical clustering capabilities, is extended by integrating approximate Kernel Density Estimation (KDE) using LSH to provide
eﬃcient density estimates. The proposed approach achieves almost linear time complexity while preserving the consistency of density-based
clustering.
Keywords: Density Based Clustering · Locality Sensitive Hashing ·
Quick Shift Clustering · Mode Estimation

1

Introduction

Density-based clustering algorithms are fundamental tools in data analysis due
to their ability to identify clusters of arbitrary shapes. The most popular densitybased clustering method is DBSCAN [8,18], which deﬁnes clusters based on the
concept of “density-reachability”. Mean Shift [3, 4,13] is another density-based
clustering algorithm that moves each point to the densest area in its vicinity,
based on kernel density estimation which is computationally challenging due to
its iterative nature and the need for density estimation, making it much less
scalable than DBSCAN.
To overcome this issue, Quick Shift [14, 19] generalizes Mean Shift by constructing a hierarchical clustering tree on density estimates. However, these
methods are computationally expensive, making them less scalable for large
datasets.
Jiang [14] established the consistency of the Quick Shift algorithm. This result
allows the consistency analysis for various density estimators, including k-nearest
neighbor [5]. Esfandiari et al. [7] demonstrated the use of certain types of LSH
for fast density estimation, enabling eﬃcient density-based clustering. Jang and
Jiang [12] introduced DBSCAN++, a modiﬁcation of DBSCAN that computes
densities for a subset of points, reducing computational cost while maintaining
performance. Xu and Pham [20] proposed sDBSCAN, a scalable density-based
clustering algorithm in high dimensions using random projections. These works
highlight the importance of eﬃcient density estimation for scalable clustering.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 254–266, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_19

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

255

Building upon these, we utilize hashing-based kernel density estimators [2]
[1] to develop a fast and consistent mode estimator and extend the Quick Shift
algorithm as a result, achieving almost linear time complexity while preserving
consistency.

2

Preliminaries

Throughout this paper X (n) = {x1 , x2 , . . . , xn } ⊂ Rd denotes a dataset of n
points. We assume that the data points are drawn i.i.d. from a probability distribution F with density f supported on a compact set X ⊂ Rd .
2.1

Locality Sensitive Hashing

The Near Neighbor Search (NNS) problem is a fundamental problem in data
science and computational geometry. Given a dataset X, the goal is to preprocess
the data such that, given a query point q in the supported set, we can eﬃciently
return a point p ∈ X near to it, or report that no such point exists.
Classically known time-eﬃcient data structures for exact NNS require space
exponential in the dimension d, which is prohibitively expensive for highdimensional datasets. To address this, the (c, r)-Approximate Near Neighbor
Search problem ((c, r)-ANN) was introduced.
Deﬁnition 1 ((k, c, r)-ANNS). Given dataset X, distance threshold r > 0,
and approximation factor c > 1, the goal is to return k points p1 , p2 , . . . , pk ∈ X
such that dX (q, pi ) ≤ cr for each i, given a query point q with the promise that
there are at least k points in X within distance r of q.
Approximate Near Neighbor Search allows for eﬃcient data structures with
query time sublinear in n and polynomial dependence on d. A classic technique
for solving (c, r)-ANN is Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH), introduced by
Indyk and Motwani [11]. The main idea behind LSH is to use random space
partitions such that pairs of points within distance r are more likely to be hashed
to the same bucket than pairs of points at a distance greater than cr.
Proposition 1 (Optimal LSH for (c, r)-ANNS [17]). For the Euclidean
metric 2 and any ﬁxed r > 0, LSH yields data structures for solving (k, c, r)ANNS with space O(n1+ρ + dn) and query time O(dnρ ), where ρ = c12 − o(1).
2.2

Kernel Density Estimation

Kernel Density Estimation (KDE) is a widely used method in non-parametric
statistics for estimating the probability density function of a dataset. Given a
set of n points X ⊂ Rd sampled from an unknown distribution F , the goal is to
estimate the density at an arbitrary point x ∈ Rd .

256

S. Hashemian

Deﬁnition 2 (Kernel Density Estimation). Given a kernel function kσ :
Rd × Rd → [0, 1] and a dataset X ⊂ Rd of n points, the kernel density of X at
a point x ∈ Rd is deﬁned as:
KX (x) :=

1
n

kσ (x, y)
y∈X

where kσ (x, y) is typically a function of the Euclidean distance x − y .
The Gaussian kernel is one of the most commonly used kernels:
kσ (x, y) = exp −

x−y 2
σ2

The exact computation of KDE requires O(n2 ) time, which is impractical
for large datasets. However, approximate KDE can be computed more eﬃciently
using techniques such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
Proposition 2 (Approximate KDE via LSH [1]). Given a Gaussian kernel
p−q 2
1
−Θ(1)
, and a
kσ (p, q) = exp − σ2 2 for any σ > 0, = Ω polylog
n , μ = n
set of points X, there exists an algorithm that uses LSH to approximate KX (q)
up to a (1 ± ) multiplicative factor in time O( −2 μ−o(1) ) for any query point q.

3

Algorithm

In this section, we present our proposed variant of QuickShift algorithm,
which achieves eﬃcient clustering with almost linear time complexity and space
complexity using approximate KDE, making it suitable for large-scale highdimensional datasets.
Theorem 1 (Computational Complexity). Providing a dataset X ⊂ Rd ,
there exist an algorithm (Algorithm 3) that performs density based clustering in
time and space O(dn1+o(1) ).
Proof. The time and space complexity of the LSH-QuickShift algorithm is determined by LSH Preprocessing, KDE, and graph construction steps.
Constructing the hash tables for Locality-Sensitive Hashing requires
O(n1+ρ + dn) time and space, where n is the number of data points, d is the
dimensionality, and ρ = c12 − o(1) for the given approximation factor using the
optimal LSH using Proposition 1.
For each point xi , the approximate kernel density estimate f˜(xi ) is computed
using the LSH-KDE oracle, with the total time of Õ(n) as Proposition 2.
Finally, the algorithm iterates over all xi ∈ X and add a directed edge to a
point with higher estimated density in G. We can do this eﬃciently by keeping
the maximum over all non-empty hash key, then we can answer this type of
query with the same complexity as the (c, h)—ANNS.
Combining these components and assuming that c ≤ τm is a constant
(Assumption 4), the overall time complexity is O(dn1+o(1) ). Also, the space
complexity is dominated by the LSH preprocessing step which provides the same
bound and completes the proof.

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

257

Algorithm 1 LSH-QuickShift
Input: Dataset X = {x1 , x2 , . . . , xn } ⊂ Rd , bandwidth parameter h
Output: Directed graph G representing the clustering structure
1: Initialize: Directed graph G with vertices {x1 , x2 , . . . , xn } and no edges
2: Initialize: Preprocess X for (c, h)-ANNS query.
3: for each point xi ∈ X do
4:
Compute the approximate KDE f˜(xi )
5: end for
6: for each point xi ∈ X do
7:
x̂i = arg maxxj ∈(c,h)−AN N S(xi ) f˜(xi )
8:
if f˜(x̂i ) > f˜(xi ) then
9:
Add a directed edge from xi to x̂i in G
10:
end if
11: end for
12: Return Directed graph G

4

Theoretical Analysis

In this section we show that, despite the multiplicative error introduced by the
approximate KDE in proposition 2, Quick Shift’s assignment of points to moderooted trees remains consistent with the underlying density.
These properties form the foundation for consistent clustering guarantees,
analogous to those established in the exact KDE setting [14], but now achieved
with sub-quadratic computational complexity by virtue of using the approximate
KDE as an oracle.
Assumption 1 (Hölder Density). There exist constants 0 < α ≤ 1 and Cα >
0 such that for all x, x ∈ X ,
|f (x) − f (x )| ≤ Cα x − x

α

.

Assumption 2 (Kernel Properties). Let K : Rd → R≥0 be a kernel function
such that there exists a non-increasing function k : [0, ∞) → R≥0 with K(u) =
k( u ) such that,
K(u) du = 1.
Rd

and assume that there exist constants ρ, Cρ , t0 > 0 such that for all t > t0 ,
k(t) ≤ Cρ exp(−tρ ).
For a given bandwidth h > 0, the classical kernel density estimator (KDE)
is deﬁned by
n
1
x − xi
K
.
fˆh (x) =
n hd i=1
h

258

S. Hashemian

Assumption 3 (LSH-KDE Oracle). An LSH-based KDE oracle OLSH-KDE
is available that, for any query q ∈ Rd and any prescribed error
0, returns
an approximation f˜(q) satisfying
(1 − ) fˆh (q) ≤ f˜(q) ≤ (1 + ) fˆh (q),
with probability at least 1 − 1/n for all q ∈ X , provided that h ≥ (log n/n)1/d .
Under Assumptions 1–3, standard uniform convergence arguments (see,
e.g., [14]) implies that there exists a constant C > 0 such that with probability at least 1 − 1/n
sup fˆh (x) − f (x) ≤ C hα +

x∈X

log n
.
n hd

By the accuracy guarantee of the oracle, for suﬃciently small
a constant C > 0 so that
sup f˜(x) − f (x) ≤ δn ,

x∈X

4.1

with

δn = C

hα +

0 there exists
log n
n hd

.

Mode Estimation

We now describe the mode estimation problem under the Quick Shift clustering
procedure, where density evaluations are performed using the LSH-KDE oracles.
Let M ⊂ X denote the set of local modes of f . We assume that modes are
isolated and exhibit quadratic decay.
Assumption 4 (Modes). A point x0 ∈ X is said to be a mode of f if there
exists rM > 0 such that x0 is the unique maximizer of f in B(x0 , rM ) and there
exist constants Č, Ĉ > 0 for which
Č x − x0 2 ≤ f (x0 ) − f (x) ≤ Ĉ x − x0 2 ,

∀ x ∈ B(x0 , rM ).

Denote by M the (ﬁnite) set of all such modes.
Quick Shift (see, e.g., [19]) is an iterative procedure that assigns each sample
xi to a nearby point in its τ -ball with strictly higher density. In our algorithm,
each density evaluation is computed via f˜(x). We denote by M̂ the set of estimated modes returned by the algorithm.
Theorem 2 (Mode estimation via LSH-KDE Quick Shift). Let Assumptions 1, 2, 3 and 4 hold. Suppose that the bandwidth h = h(n) satisfy
log n
→ 0 as n → ∞.
n hd
Then there exists a constant C > 0 such that with probability at least 1 − 1/n
the Hausdorﬀ distance between the true mode set M and the estimated mode set
M̂ satisﬁes
log n
(log n)4
+
.
dH (M, M̂ )2 ≤ C
h2
n hd
h→0

and

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

259

n
i
Proof. Let fˆh (x) = n 1hd i=1 K x−x
be the classical KDE. Under Assumph
tions 1 and 2, standard results (e.g., Theorem 1, [14]) guarantee that with probability at least 1 − 1/n,

sup fˆh (x) − f (x) ≤ C

log n
n hd

hα +

x∈X

for some constant C > 0. By Assumption 3, the LSH-KDE oracle returns an
approximation f˜(x) satisfying (1 − ) fˆh (x) ≤ f˜(x) ≤ (1 + ) fˆh (x) with high
0, there exists C > 0 such that
probability. Hence, for suﬃciently small
sup f˜(x) − f (x) ≤ δn ,

with

x∈X

δn = C

hα +

log n
n hd

.

Let x0 ∈ M be a true mode. By Assumption 4, there exists rM > 0 and
constants Č, Ĉ > 0 such that
Č x − x0 2 ≤ f (x0 ) − f (x) ≤ Ĉ x − x0 2 ,

∀ x ∈ B(x0 , rM ).

Since τ < rM /2, the ball B(x0 , τ ) is contained in B(x0 , rM ), deﬁne
x̂ = arg max f˜(x).
x∈B(x0 ,τ )

Then, f˜(x0 ) ≥ f (x0 ) − δn . And, for any x ∈ B(x0 , τ ) with x − x0
some η > 0 to be determined), the quadratic decay of f yields

η (for

f (x) ≤ f (x0 ) − Č x − x0 2 ≤ f (x0 ) − Č η 2 ,
f˜(x) ≤ f (x) + δn ≤ f (x0 ) − Č η 2 + δn .
Now, if we require that Č η 2 > 2δn , then
f˜(x) ≤ f (x0 ) − Č η 2 + δn < f (x0 ) − δn ≤ f˜(x0 ).
Since x̂ maximizes f˜ on B(x0 , τ ), it follows that x̂ − x0 < η. Thus, by choosing
η=

2δn /Č implies x̂ − x0

2δn
. In particular, if we set α = 1 (or if hα
Č
−1/(4+d)

and the stochastic term are of the same order) and choose h

n

, then

x̂ − x0 = O n−1/(4+d) .
A symmetric argument shows that every x̂ ∈ M̂ is associated uniquely to a true
mode x0 ∈ M . Consequently, the Hausdorﬀ distance satisﬁes
dH (M, M̂ )2 ≤

2C
Č

hα +

log n
n hd

.

A reﬁnement of this argument, via a union bound over the sample yields the
stated bound
log n
(log n)4
+
,
dH (M, M̂ )2 ≤ C
h2
n hd
for some constant C > 0 which completes the proof.

260

4.2

S. Hashemian

Assignment of Points to Modes

In this section, we show how Quick Shift assigns each sample point to the basin of
attraction of a nearby mode under the approximate KDE oracle. In particular,
we establish that if two points are separated by a suﬃciently deep and wide
valley in the underlying density, they cannot lie in the same directed tree of the
Quick Shift graph.
Deﬁnition 3 ((r, δ)-separation, [5]). Let r > 0 and δ > 0. Two points
x1 , x2 ∈ X are said to be (r, δ)-separated if there exists a set S ⊂ X such
that:
1. Every path from x1 to x2 intersects S.
2. We have
sup
x∈S+B(0,r)

f (x) < ∞x∈B(x1 ,r) ∪ B(x2 ,r) f (x) − δ.

Equivalently, one may view S as the region forming a “deep valley” separating
x1 from x2 , whose density is at least δ below the density near x1 or x2 , plus a
margin of width r. The main technical claim is that if two points x1 and x2 are
(rs , δ)-separated, then with high probability there is no directed path in (G, f˜)
from x1 to x2 .
Theorem 3. Let (G, f˜) be the directed cluster tree constructed by Quick Shift
using the approximate densities f˜ from Assumption 3. Under the same conditions
as Theorem 2, there exists a constant C > 0 such that with probability at least
1 − 1/n, if x1 and x2 are (rs , δ)-separated, there is no directed path from x1 to
x2 in G, provided
supx∈X fˆ(x).
Proof. Suppose, for contradiction, that there is a directed path x1 = y0 → y1 →
· · · → yk = x2 in G. By deﬁnition of Quick Shift, each edge (yj , yj+1 ) implies
f˜(yj+1 ) > f˜(yj )

and

yj+1 − yj

τ.

Since τ < rs /2, the entire path is made of steps of radius at most τ .
By Deﬁnition 3, every path from x1 to x2 intersects the seperator set S +
B(0, rs ). Hence, there exists at least one point yj∗ ∈ S + B(0, rs ) on the path.
By (rs , δ)-separation,
f (yj∗ ) ≤

sup
x ∈ S+B(0,rs )

f (x) < ∞x∈B(x1 ,rs )∪B(x2 ,rs ) f (x) − δ.

x1 − x2 + x2 − yj∗ , then in fact such a yj∗ is forced to be
Thus, if x1 − yj∗
on any path that attempts to connect x1 to x2 . Now, if we compare f˜(yj∗ ) and
f˜(x1 ), by KDE uniform bounds [15],
fˆh (yj∗ ) ≤ f (yj∗ ) + O hα +

log n
n hd

δ
≤ f (x1 ) − ,
2

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

261

So if n is suﬃciently large, provided that δ is chosen larger than a constant times
the error term, applying the (1 ± ) approximation in Assumption 3, we obtain
f˜(yj∗ ) ≤ (1 + ) fˆh (yj∗ ) ≤ (1 + ) f (x1 ) − 2δ .
On the other hand,
f˜(x1 ) ≥ (1 − ) fˆh (x1 ) ≈ (1 − ) f (x1 ),
and for δ suﬃciently large relative to (x1 ), we deduce f˜(yj∗ ) < f˜(x1 )., Which
contradicts the requirement for a directed edge path that f˜(yj+1 ) > f˜(yj ) strictly
at each step. Hence, no such path can exist from x1 to x2 .
An immediate corollary is that points (rs , δ)-separated from a given mode x0
cannot join x0 ’s tree in G. Indeed, if x were assigned to x0 , there would exist a
directed path x → · · · → x0 in (G, f˜), violating Theorem 3. Hence, each point
is constrained to remain in the basin of attraction of exactly those modes not
separated from it by a deep valley.
Corollary 1 (Separation Implies Diﬀerent Trees). Under the same conditions as Theorem 3, if x and a mode x0 are (rs , δ)-separated, then x cannot lie
in the Quick Shift tree rooted at x0 .
Proof. If x were in the tree of x0 , then there would be a directed path x → · · · →
x0 . This contradicts Theorem 3 because x and x0 are (rs , δ)-separated, implying
no such path can exist.
In the absence of approximation error (i.e. = 0), these results coincide
exactly with the analysis in [14]. The only additional requirement here is that
δ exceed a constant times (and the usual KDE deviation term), ensuring that
approximate comparisons preserve the strict density gap. Thus, the same geometric intuition that “deep and wide valleys” prevent two points from being
assigned to the same root remains valid under approximate density evaluations.

262

S. Hashemian

5

Experiments

We evaluate the proposed algorithm on two tasks: clustering, and image segmentation on benchmark data as the most well-known tasks for Mean Shift
variants. All experiments were conducted on a standard workstation (16 GB
RAM, 2.4 GHz CPU).
5.1

Clustering

We compare the proposed algorithm against other popular density-based clustering algorithm and K-means as an scalable option on various clustering tasks in
Table 1. These comparisons are made using the Scikit-Learn1 and Scikit-Image2
implementation of Quick Shift and our own implementation of LSH-Quickshift in
C++ wrapped as a Python package using Pybind11, and used FAISS library [6]
for LSH implemention. To measure the quality of a clustering result, we use
the Adjusted Rand Index (ARI) [10] and the Adjusted Mutual Information
(AMI) [16] scores, comparing the clustering with the partitioning induced by the
labels of the data points. The benchmark datasets we use are labeled datasets
from UCI Repository3 , and we only cluster the features.
As expected by our theoretical analysis, the proposed method is well scalable
for large data sets in high dimensions. Also, this method outpreforms vector
quantization methods in complex regimes with high number of clusters.
5.2

Image Segmentation

We compare the proposed method to a number of baselines for unsupervised
image segmentation in Fig. 1. We include Felzenszwalb [9], Quick Shift [19], and
Mean Shift [3], three popular image segmentation procedures from the Python,
Scikit-Image library. For image segmentation, we run each algorithm on a preprocessed image with each pixel represented in a 5D (r, g, b, x, y) color channel and
spatial coordinates space and at maximum the size of our images was 46,500 pixels from the Berkeley Segmentation Dataset Benchmark (BSDS500)4 . For each
algorithm, the returned clusters are taken as the segments. Our image segmentation experiments show that LSH-Quick Shift is able to produce segmentations
that are nearly identical to that of Mean Shift.

1

Scikit-Learn Webpage.
Scikit-Image Webpage.
3
UCI Machine Learning Repository Webpage.
4
Berkeley Segmentation Dataset Webpage.
2

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

263

Table 1. Scores of algorithms on real world benchmark datasets. Reference is provided
through clickable links for each dataset. The ﬁrst row corresponds to Adjusted Mutual
Information (AMI), the second row corresponds to Adjusted Rand Index, and the last
row denots the computation time in seconds. Each procedure was tuned in its respective
essential hyperparameter. In each row, the highest score is shown in green and the
second highest score in orange. As we can see that our algorithm has the top-2 score
on 17 metrics.

Dataset

n

d C DBSCAN KMeans LSH-QS MeanShift QuickShift
0.047
0.1196 0.113
0.0442
0.0266
biodegradation 1054 41 2 0.0486 0.4991 0.1993 0.0698
0.0556
0.0627 0.0731 0.1631 31.8839
0.2399
0.0039 0.6703 0.5361 0.0079
0.0005
digits
1797 64 10 0.0001 0.5363 0.3719 0.0001
0
0.0823 0.1266 0.4561 47.9048
0.4432
0.1
0.6277 0.4025 0.1039
0.1039
ecoli
336 7 8 0.0387 0.5179 0.374
0.0381
0.0381
0.0146
0.076 0.0306 1.1678
0.0413
0.3626 0.1231 0.0337
0.1148
0.1171
ionosphere
351 34 2 0.3511 0.1679 0.2653 0.2944
0.2926
0.0279 0.0753 0.0737 13.2798 0.0556
0.7316 0.6552 0.6733 0.7316
0.7316
iris
150 4 3 0.5681 0.6201 0.6422 0.5681
0.5681
0.0046 0.0765 0.0174
0.3171
0.011
NaN
0.4304 0.1372
NaN
NaN
mnist
70000 784 10 NaN
0.3215 0.0682
NaN
NaN
∞
63.0059 63.2678
∞
∞
NaN
0.0028 0.0036
NaN
NaN
fashion
60000 784 66 NaN
0.0022 0.0031
NaN
NaN
∞
162.5004 51.3207
∞
∞
0.0086
0.112 0.0942 0.0053
0.0072
vehicle
846 18 4 0.0006 0.0769 0.0772 0.0006
0.0006
0.0698 0.1083 0.0942 66.1409
0.1782

264

S. Hashemian

Fig. 1. Comparison of image segmentation algorithms. For each image, the number of
detected segments (#), computation time (in seconds), and the segmentation method
are indicated above.

6

Conclusion

In this work, we have introduced the LSH-QuickShift algorithm, which integrates Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) with the Quick Shift clustering method
to achieve eﬃcient, provably consistent mode estimation in high-dimensional
spaces. By leveraging LSH for approximate kernel density estimation, the algorithm signiﬁcantly reduces computational complexity, making it suitable for
large-scale datasets. Theoretical analyses conﬁrm that the LSH-QuickShift algorithm maintains consistency with the underlying density, ensuring reliable clustering results.
However, several things remain for further consideration and applying the
LSH enhanced density based clustering algorithm. Investigating methods to
reconstruct the hierarchical structure of clusters post-clustering could provide
deeper insights into the data’s inherent organization and thus more eﬃcient
clustering algorithm. This extends the algorithm to perform regression tasks by
modeling the relationship between data points and their modes and thus could
broaden its applicability.
One may combine LSH-QuickShift with sub-sampling techniques and random projections and further enhance scalability and robustness, particularly in
extremely high-dimensional settings with large data sets, and exploring the algo-

Fast Mode Estimation and Clustering

265

rithm’s performance within massive parallel computing frameworks could lead
to signiﬁcant improvements in processing large-scale datasets, addressing both
time and space complexity challenges. Also, applying these methods to various
data modalities beyond numerical and image data, such as text or time-series
data, could demonstrate its versatility and eﬀectiveness across diﬀerent domains.
Disclosure of Interests. The authors have no competing interests to declare that
are relevant to the content of this article.

References
1. Charikar, M., Kapralov, M., Nouri, N., Siminelakis, P.: Kernel density estimation
through density constrained near neighbor search. In: 2020 IEEE 61st Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS), pp. 172–183. IEEE (2020)
2. Charikar, M., Siminelakis, P.: Hashing-based-estimators for kernel density in high
dimensions. In: 2017 IEEE 58th Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer
Science (FOCS), pp. 1032–1043. IEEE (2017)
3. Cheng, Y.: Mean shift, mode seeking, and clustering. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal.
Mach. Intell. 17(8), 790–799 (1995)
4. Comaniciu, D., Meer, P.: Mean shift: a robust approach toward feature space analysis. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 24(5), 603–619 (2002)
5. Dasgupta, S., Kpotufe, S.: Optimal rates for k-NN density and mode estimation.
Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 27 (2014)
6. Douze, M., et al.: The Faiss library. arXiv preprint arXiv:2401.08281 (2024)
7. Esfandiari, H., Mirrokni, V., Zhong, P.: Almost linear time density level set estimation via DBSCAN. In: Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artiﬁcial Intelligence, vol. 35, pp. 7349–7357 (2021)
8. Ester, M., Kriegel, H.P., Sander, J., Xu, X., et al.: A density-based algorithm for
discovering clusters in large spatial databases with noise. In: KDD, vol. 96, pp.
226–231 (1996)
9. Felzenszwalb, P.F., Huttenlocher, D.P.: Eﬃcient graph-based image segmentation.
Int. J. Comput. Vision 59, 167–181 (2004)
10. Hubert, L., Arabie, P.: Comparing partitions. J. classif. 2, 193–218 (1985)
11. Indyk, P., Motwani, R.: Approximate nearest neighbors: towards removing the
curse of dimensionality. In: Proceedings of the Thirtieth Annual ACM Symposium
on Theory of Computing, pp. 604–613 (1998)
12. Jang, J., Jiang, H.: DBSCAN++: towards fast and scalable density clustering. In:
Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 1–9
(2019)
13. Jang, J., Jiang, H.: MeanShift++: extremely fast mode-seeking with applications
to segmentation and object tracking. In: Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference
on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 4102–4113 (2021)
14. Jiang, H.: On the consistency of quick shift. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 30
(2017)
15. Jiang, H.: Uniform convergence rates for kernel density estimation. In: International
Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 1694–1703. PMLR (2017)
16. Nguyen, V., Epps, J., Bailey, J.: Information theoretic measures for clusterings
comparison: is a correction for chance necessary? In: International Conference
on Machine Learning 2009, pp. 1073–1080. Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) (2009)

266

S. Hashemian

17. O’Donnell, R., Wu, Y., Zhou, Y.: Optimal lower bounds for locality-sensitive hashing (except when Q is tiny). ACM Trans. Comput. Theory (TOCT) 6(1), 1–13
(2014)
18. Schubert, E., Sander, J., Ester, M., Kriegel, H.P., Xu, X.: DBSCAN revisited,
revisited: why and how you should (still) use DBSCAN. ACM Trans. Database
Syst. (TODS) 42(3), 1–21 (2017)
19. Vedaldi, A., Soatto, S.: Quick shift and kernel methods for mode seeking. In:
Forsyth, D., Torr, P., Zisserman, A. (eds.) ECCV 2008. LNCS, vol. 5305, pp.
705–718. Springer, Heidelberg (2008). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-886938_52
20. Xu, H., Pham, N.: Scalable DBSCAN with random projections. In: Proceedings of
the 38th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (2024)

Addressing Classic Constraint Satisfaction
Problems Through Optimisation Modulo
Theories
Ignacio Jorquera1(B) , Nicolás Gálvez Ramírez1 , Frederic Saubion2 ,
Eric Monfroy2 , and Carlos Castro1
1

Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María, Valparaíso, Chile
ignacio.jorquera@sansano.usm.cl, {nicolas.galvez,Carlos.Castro}@usm.cl
2
Université Angers, Angers, France
{frederic.saubion,Eric.Monfroy}@univ-angers.fr

Abstract. This paper explores the use of Optimisation Modulo Theories (OMT) to address classic Constraint Satisfaction (and Optimisation)
Problems. By leveraging the Z3 solver, we investigate the impact of different SMT logics—Linear Integer Arithmetic (LIA), Linear Real Arithmetic (LRA), Quantiﬁer-Free Bit-Vectors (QF_BV), and Quantiﬁer-Free
Arrays with Integer Arithmetic (QF_ALIA)—on problem-solving eﬃciency
and solution quality. A set of automatic encoding rules is proposed to
transform problems initially modelled in LIA into other logics, simplifying
the process for users without specialised expertise. We demonstrate how
logic selection can signiﬁcantly inﬂuence solver performance. For example, QF_BV excels in scheduling and sequential problems like the Nurse
Scheduling Problem and the Travelling Salesman Problem. In contrast,
LRA and QF_ALIA stand out in problems with broad numerical ranges,
such as the Unbounded Knapsack Problem. These ﬁndings underscore
the importance of an automatic logic encoder capable of dynamically
selecting and transforming models into the most appropriate SMT logic
for a given problem. This performance-driven logic selection approach
enhances the solving process. It extends the accessibility and practicality of OMT frameworks across diverse problem domains.
Keywords: Satisﬁability Modulo Theories · Optimisation Modulo
Theories · Constraint Satisfaction and Optimisation Problems · Linear
Programming · Z3

1

Introduction

A Constraint Satisfaction Problem (CSP) [13] can be formally deﬁned by a set
of variables .X = {x1 , · · · , xn }. Each variable .xi takes its values into a given
domain .Di . A solution is a tuple of values such that each variable is assigned to
a value from its corresponding domain. The tuple satisﬁes a set of constraints
.C, which are relations over the variables domains. The solutions can be evaluated according to an objective function, turning into a Constraint Optimisation
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 267–278, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_20

268

I. Jorquera et al.

Problem (COP). Constraint programming (CP) has been introduced to address
CSP and COP across various domains, allowing end-users to deﬁne variables
and express constraints independently from the underlying solving technologies.
It gave rise to the development of various modelling languages (e.g., Minizinc
[19] or Essence [15]) that may be connected to diﬀerent solvers. Turning to the
solving techniques, the main idea in CP is to provide various facilities related to
the domains of the variables and the type of constraint.
The choice of the model impacts solving eﬃciency and complexity. While
many CSPs can be modelled using Integer Linear Programming [12], they can
also commonly be mapped to Boolean Satisﬁability Problems (SAT) [4, 22]. Nevertheless, while SAT solvers exhibit eﬃciency on large problem instances, they
involve technical and complex encodings of some constraints, mainly when dealing with arithmetic constraints. Thus, Satisﬁability Modulo Theories (SMT) [20]
generalise SAT by considering several theories within a common propositional
logic framework, providing a comprehensive set of tools for mathematically modeling complex problems. SMT allows the user to combine variables with diﬀerent
domains: integer, real, pseudo-binary, arrays, bit-vector, and strings, as deﬁned
in the SMT-LIB [2]. Optimisation Modulo Theories (OMT) extends its capabilities to address both the satisﬁability and optimisation aspects of CSP and COP
[16]. OMT oﬀers SMT advanced modeling and solving techniques, making it
suited for problems that span or can be eﬀectively mapped to multiple domains.
The expertise required to encode or transform a problem across diﬀerent theories
often goes beyond the typical skill set of modellers. Since eﬀective modelling is
crucial for eﬃcient problem-solving, several eﬀorts have been made to enhance
SMT with advanced encoding capabilities [7, 9].
This work addresses the use of the Linear Integers Arithmetic (LIA) logic
to model and solve decision problems with Z3 [14] as an OMT solver and the
automatic encoding to transform these models into other SMT logic—Linear
Reals Arithmetic (LRA), Quantiﬁer-Free over the theory of ﬁxed-size BitVectors
(QF_BV) and Quantiﬁer-Free over the theory of Arrays extending Linear Integers
Arithmetic (QF_ALIA)—to ease the use of its solving procedure for a given problem while comparing the performance of these among diﬀerent selected decision
problems. The transformation is applied through a set of encodings, simplifying
the process of testing multiple logics, ultimately helping identify the one that
yields the best-performing model. The results show that the proposed set of
encoding rules is suﬃcient to transform a decision problem modelled in LIA into
any of the three other SMT logics. These rules allow the exploration of diﬀerent
SMT back-end logics to ﬁnd the best-performing model comparing the solving
of the same problem using diﬀerent logics. Some problems, like N-Queens or the
Travelling Salesman Problem (TSP), are easier to model in LIA due to their
similarity to natural language but may perform better with other logics, such
as BitVectors (QF_BV), where each bit in a bit-vector determines the position
of a queen or the order in which cities are visited. On the other hand, problems like the Unbounded Knapsack Problem (UKP) be solved more eﬃciently
when mapped to more specialised logics, such as Real numbers (LRA) or Arrays

Addressing Classic CSP Through OMT

269

of Integers (QF_ALIA), instead of using Integer numbers (LIA). These problems
beneﬁt from the encoding rules, enabling quick and eﬀortless transformations
from a natural logic to a more specialised one, optimising solver performance
with minimal manual adjustment.

2

General Problem Statement

Optimisation Modulo Theories (OMT) oﬀers powerful modelling capabilities but
poses a high entry barrier for new users. While many problems can be eﬀectively
modelled with Linear Programming tools, more complex problems requiring ﬁrstorder logic demand specialised knowledge in modelling techniques and problemspeciﬁc contexts. For example, using Floating Point or String theories requires
familiarity with binary representations and regular expressions. This challenge
grows when combining multiple theories within a single model, making OMT
accessible mainly to those with advanced expertise. Eﬀorts have been made to
improve the solution process in Satisﬁability Modulo Theories (SMT), particularly in enhancing solver strategies and performance. Research in this area has
focused on streamlining solver mechanisms to achieve faster results across various SMT applications [3,10,11,18]. However, the full use of OMT capabilities
still poses a complex barrier.
An ideal solution would be a system where users could deﬁne their problem in natural language, and the system would handle all modelling and solving
processes automatically. While advances in natural language processing bring us
closer to this vision, achieving a fully automated interface still demands rigorous
training and validation to ensure constraints are correctly translated and solutions are valid. A more feasible short-term approach could involve an automatic
encoding tool that translates models deﬁned in basic mathematical terms—such
as integer or real number domains—into complex SMT logic using predeﬁned
rules, enabling users with basic modelling skills to utilise SMT/OMT functionalities without deep technical expertise. Thus, the goal is to deﬁne a set of rules
that can automatically encode a CSP/COP modelled with Linear Integer Arithmetic into other SMT logics. This transformation would allow users to select the
best SMT logic for a given problem without manually re-encoding each model.

3

Related Work

The challenge of encoding constraints into SMT is known but scarce. In [6], a
CSP-to-SMT-LIB translation is introduced, showing the beneﬁts of automating the modelling process, but with its limitations on the restricted variety of
logics and solvers. Further research [7, 8] explores the translation from FlatZinc
to SMT-LIB format, oﬀering a versatile approach for using SMT/OMT solvers
in constraint programming. Regarding eﬃcient encoding, [9] provides comparative analyses of diﬀerent logic performances, including hand-crafted models
across multiple solvers and logics. It concludes that many problems can be solved
with Linear Integer Arithmetic (LIA), but speciﬁc problems perform better with

270

I. Jorquera et al.

pure SAT encodings or with Bit-Vectors (QF_BV), as demonstrated when solving
the Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling Problem [5]. Moreover, [9] highlights the impact of SMT encoding strategies by comparing the performance
of various logics, such as QF_LIA, QF_NIA, QF_IDL, and QF_BV, across diﬀerent
problem types. They demonstrate that QF_BV, which uses eﬃcient bit-blasting
to represent variables as ﬁxed-size bit-vectors, excels in hardware constraints
and binary decision-making problems due to reduced encoding complexity. Conversely, QF_LIA and QF_IDL perform better in formal veriﬁcation and scheduling
problems requiring linear arithmetic constraints. It also emphasises the comparative advantage of speciﬁc SMT encodings, noting that SAT or QF_BV encodings
can yield superior eﬃciency in scheduling problems where dependencies beneﬁt from the compactness and speed of bit-vector logic. These ﬁndings suggest
that selecting the right encoding approach, tailored to problem constraints and
logical requirements, is essential for optimising solver performance.

4

Towards Automatic Encoding

To address the challenge of choosing the appropriate SMT logic for a given
problem, we explore encoding strategies that transform problems modelled in
Linear Integer Arithmetic (LIA) into other SMT logics: Linear Real Arithmetic
(LRA), Quantiﬁer-Free Bit-Vectors (QF_BV), and Quantiﬁer-Free Arrays with Linear Integer Arithmetic (QF_ALIA). These transformations are performed by using
a structured set of rules. We also provide analysis and comparison of solver performance across diﬀerent problem domains.
4.1

Selected Problems and SMT Logics

Five classic CSP/COP, representative of diverse domains, are used to evaluate
the proposed encoding approach:
– N-Queens [1]: Placing .n queens on an .n×n chessboard so no queens threaten
others.
– Balanced Academic Curriculum Problem (BACP) [1]: Scheduling academic courses across periods while balancing credits and satisfying prerequisites.
– Nurse Scheduling Problem (NSP) [21]: Assigning nurses to daily shifts
while adhering to workplace constraints and maximising scheduling quality.
– Travelling Salesman Problem (TSP) [17]: Finding the shortest route
through a set of cities while minimising total distance.
– Unbounded Knapsack Problem (UKP) [1]: Filling a knapsack with items
to maximise utility while respecting capacity constraints.

Addressing Classic CSP Through OMT

4.2

271

Encoding Rules

1. LIA to LRA: Variables are relaxed from integers to reals. To preserve feasibility, new constraints are needed to enforce that the real variables take
integer-equivalent values within the feasible range.
max_feasible_value

Xi ∈ Z → Xi ∈ R, subject to

Xi = j

.

j=min_feasible_value

2. LIA to QF_BV: Decision variables are encoded as ﬁxed-size bit-vectors, with
lengths determined by the maximum possible value in the domain. The encoding uses binary encoding when the domain is within the positive numbers or
two-complement if it also includes negative numbers because of the need for
an extra bit for the sign.
Binary Encoding: Xi ∈ N0 → Xi ∈ {0, 1} log2 (max_feasible_value) +1

.

3. LIA to QF_ALIA: Variables are represented as arrays. Single-dimensional
arrays store values directly, while multi-dimensional arrays encode variables
with multiple indices.
Xi ∈ Z → X ∈ A E
I , ∀I, E ∈ Z

.

4.3

Applying Encoding Rules in the UKP

The Unbounded Knapsack Problem (UKP) shows how real-world problems can
be formulated mathematically and solved using optimisation algorithms. The
LIA model provides an intuitive way to represent the problem, ensuring that the
solution is computationally feasible while maintaining accuracy. By translating
this model into other SMT logics, the same problem can be explored in contexts
that beneﬁt from diﬀerent computational trade-oﬀs, leading to potentially faster
or more resource-eﬃcient solutions. In LIA, the problem is modelled with integer
decision variables, maximising utility subject to capacity constraints:
– Parameters (Fixed Inputs):
• .n: Number of unique items available, .n ∈ N0
• .C: Maximum weight capacity of the knapsack, .C ∈ N0
• .Wi : Weight of item .i, .Wi ∈ N0 , ∀i ∈ {1, ..., n}
• .Vi : Utility value of item .i, .Vi ∈ Z, ∀i ∈ {1, ..., n}
– Variables (Decision Inputs):
• .Xi : Number of times item .i is added to the knapsack, .Xi ∈ N0 , ∀i ∈
{1, ..., n}

272

I. Jorquera et al.

– Objective Function: Maximise the total utility value .U of the items in the
knapsack:
n

max(U ) : U =

V i × Xi

.

i=1

– Subject to:
1. Non-negativity: Each item can only be added zero or more times:
Xi ≥ 0, ∀i ∈ {1, ..., n}

.

2. Weight Limit: The total weight of the items in the knapsack must not
exceed its capacity:
n

Wi × X i ≤ C

.

i=1

LIA-to-LRA encoding: Real-valued variables replace integers, supplemented by
constraints to enforce integer solutions.
– Variables (Decision Inputs):
• .Xi : The quantity of item .i added to the knapsack, now deﬁned as a real
number (.Xi ∈ R+ ∪ {0}).
– Additional constraints:
1. To approximate the integer-based solution space, the continuous variable
.Xi is restricted to values that align with the feasible integers.
C
Wi

Xc = j, ∀c ∈ {1, ..., n}

.

j=1

LIA-to-QF_BV encoding: Weights, capacities, and decision variables are represented as bit-vectors using Binary Encoding.
– Variables (Decision Inputs):
• .Xi : The quantity of item .i added to the knapsack, represented as a bitC
) + 1 bits.
vector with a length of . log2 ( W
i
LIA-to-QF_ALIA encoding: Decision variables are stored in arrays, enabling eﬃcient access and manipulation,
– Variables (Decision Inputs):
• .X: A one-dimensional array of integers where .X[i] represents the number
of times item .i is added to the knapsack. .X is deﬁned as .AE
I , where .I is
the item identiﬁer and .E is the stored value (item quantity).
These encodings show the versatility of OMT and the potential of automatic
transformations to simplify the modelling process and enhance solver eﬃciency
based on the problem features.

Addressing Classic CSP Through OMT

5

273

Experiments and Results

We present the outcomes of using SMT logic to solve instances of CSP, focusing
on solution quality, execution time, and the practical impacts of each encoding
used from the proposed set of rules.
5.1

Problem Instances

Table 1 shows the list of problems and their instances. Each instance corresponds
to incremental levels of complexity, allowing for a broad comparison across different logics and problem features.
– N-Queens: Instances represent increasing board sizes and corresponding
numbers of queens.
– BACP: Instances diﬀer by the number of academic periods and prerequisite
constraints.
– NSP: Each instance speciﬁes the number of nurses, a seed value, and a
scheduling period, with gen 8 representing a week and gen 16 representing a
month.
– TSP: Instances vary depending on the number of cities in the travel route.
– UKP: Each instance has diﬀerent item weights and capacities, as indicated
by the unique identiﬁer in each instance name.

Table 1. Instances of the studied problems
Problem

Instances

N-Queens n = 8 n = 12 n = 20 n = 50 n = 100 n = 180 n = 200
BACP
NSP
TSP
UKP

5.2

bacp8

bacp10

bacp12

25_1_8 50_1_8 75_1_8 100_1_8 30_1_16 60_1_16
ﬁve

p01

gr17

fri26

att48

n10-c7370 n30-c27795 n50-c41934 n70-c68135 n80-c67603

Experimental Setup

Each model was built with the Z3 SMT solver using the Python API, adhering to
SMT-LIB 2.6 standards. The tests were executed on a system with an Intel Xeon
E-2336 CPU and 16 GB RAM, running Rocky Linux OS. We set the following
constraints for each test:
– Execution Time Limit: Each instance had a maximum runtime of 3600 s
(1 h).
– Memory Limit: Tests were bound at 4048 MB of memory usage.

274

I. Jorquera et al.

5.3

Results Highlights

Results summarise the performance of each SMT logic in the OMT solving procedure, measured as solution quality and execution time. Each result includes
ﬁndings for each problem type by highlighting the most relevant discoveries.
N-Queens and NSP Results. Solving performance in N-Queens and NSP
(see Table 2 and Table 3) demonstrates that LIA and QF_BV generally address
them better regarding solution quality and execution time. In N-Queens, LIA
and QF_BV consistently completed instances within resource bounds. In NSP,
both achieved optimal results more often and faster than others. Encoding with
QF_BV allowed quick variable assignments in scheduling, facilitating eﬃciency.
Table 2. Feasibility outcomes and execution times for N-Queens instances solved across
each SMT logic.
Instances LIA

LRA

QF_BV

QF_ALIA

n=8

SAT
SAT
0.00 [s] 0.01 [s]

SAT
SAT
0.00 [s] 0.01 [s]

n = 12

SAT
SAT
0.00 [s] 0.05 [s]
SAT
SAT
0.01 [s] 1.22 [s]

SAT
0.01 [s]
SAT
0.06 [s]

n = 20
n = 50

SAT
0.01 [s]
SAT
0.23 [s]

SAT
SAT
SAT
SAT
39.19 [s] 629.93 [s] 0.74 [s] 54.84 [s]

n = 100 SAT
n/a
SAT
n/a
8.64 [s] timeout 2.10 [s] timeout
n = 180 SAT
n/a
SAT
8.64 [s] timeout 8.75 [s]

n/a
timeout

n = 200 SAT
n/a
SAT
n/a
66.08 [s] timeout 45.24 [s] timeout

TSP Results. QF_BV outperformed other SMT logics in TSP, as shown in
Table 4. It achieves optimal solutions quickly in smaller instances and outperforms in both solution quality and runtime in more complex instances. This
suggests that QF_BV is well-suited for sequential or route-based problems, where
each bit-vector can eﬃciently represent steps in the solution sequence.
UKP Results. Table 5 shows that LRA and QF_ALIA perform best for UKP
instances. LIA struggled with execution time and solution quality, while QF_BV

Addressing Classic CSP Through OMT

275

Table 3. Optimisation outcomes and execution times for the NSP instances solved
across each SMT logic.
Instances LIA

LRA

25-1-8

514
514
timeout 6.25 [s]
960
960
1181.80 [s] 25.02 [ss]

50-1-8

514
6.24 [s]
960
0.12 [s]

QF_BV

QF_ALIA

Known Optimal

514
13.32 [s]
960
158.24 [s]

514
960

75-1-8

1432
1432
6.31 [s] timeout

1432
62.44 [s]

1432
628.93 [s]

1432

100-1-8

2211
17361
488.25 [s] timeout

2211
108.58 [s]

2211
1854.34 [s]

2211

30-1-16

2562
n/a
timeout timeout

n/a
2616
memory_error timeout

60-1-16

5100
n/a
timeout timeout

n/a
n/a
5130
memory_error memory_error

2639

Table 4. Optimisation outcomes and execution times for the TSP instances solved
across each SMT logic.
Instances LIA

LRA

QF_BV

QF_ALIA Known Optimal

tsp_ﬁve 19
19
19
0.01 [s] 0.01 [s] 0.01 [s]

19
19
0.02 [s]

tsp_p01 572
392
291
timeout timeout 7.33 [s]

303
291
timeout

tsp_gr17 3993
2789
2085
3145
2085
timeout timeout 93.29 [s] timeout
tsp_fri26 n/a
2346
937
2593
937
timeout timeout 195.36 [s] timeout
tsp_att48 n/a
118317 261629
timeout timeout timeout

n/a
33551
timeout

models consistently timed out. For problems with high-value ranges, real arithmetic or array-based logic performs more eﬃciently, validating the use of LRA
and QF_ALIA for UKP-like scenarios.
BACP Results. Mixed results when addressing BACP are obtained, as shown
in Table 6. In the more basic instances, LIA and QF_ALIA had the best outcomes; meanwhile, LRA is more eﬀective in the more complex instances. These
results suggest that BACP requires further testing to determine patterns w.r.t.
performance triggered by SMT logic encoding selection.

276

I. Jorquera et al.

Table 5. Optimisation outcomes and execution times for the UKP instances solved
across each SMT logic.
Instances LIA

LRA

n10c7370 25727
6.43 [s]

25727 25614 25727
0.33 [s] timeout 0.72 [s]

QF_ALIA Known Optimal
25727

n30c27795 58350
58350 42759 58350
639.55 [s] 2.75 [s] timeout 6.36 [s]

58350

QF_BV

n50c41934 146750 146750 128717 146750 146750
3401.60 [s] 12.64 [s] timeout 45.13 [s]
n70c68135 259981 259981 223122 259981 33551
579.00 [s] 47.70 [s] timeout 286.54 [s]
n80c67603 262762
timeout

263670 195059 263670 263670
24.65 [s] timeout 955.69 [s]

Table 6. Optimisation outcomes and execution times for the BACP instances solved
across each SMT logic.
Instances LIA

LRA

QF_BV

QF_ALIA Known Optimal

bacp8

17
17
26
17
17
2.00 [s] timeout timeout 4.48 [s]

bacp10

14
n/a
15
14
14
5.70 [s] timeout timeout 5.76 [s]

bacp12

24
17
30
n/a
17
timeout 7.21 [s] timeout timeout

Thus, modelling in OMT solver relies on the importance of the logic selection
procedure in SMT-based problem-solving. It shows how performance depends
on both the problem type and features of the SMT logic employed, such as the
expertise required to exploit the beneﬁts from their scope and operators.

6

Conclusions and Future Work

In this paper, we addressed several classic constraint satisfaction and optimisation problems (CSP and COP) through an OMT solver by using some SMT logic
models to analyse the impact of the logic selection on problem-solving eﬃciency
and solution quality. The choice of the Z3 solver allowed to test each problem
with four primary logics—LIA (Linear Integer Arithmetic), LRA (Linear Real
Arithmetic), QF_BV (Quantiﬁer-Free Bit-Vectors), and QF_ALIA (Quantiﬁer-Free
Arrays with Integer Arithmetic). By modelling each problem in the selected
SMT logics, our experiments show the inﬂuence of the logic selection procedure
on the solver performance, including solution accuracy and processing time. We

Addressing Classic CSP Through OMT

277

highlight LIA and QF_BV outperforming on scheduling and sequential problems,
such as the Nurse Scheduling Problem and N-Queens. At the same time, QF_BV
also ﬁnds good solutions for the Travelling Salesman Problem, using bitwise
operations to ﬁnd faster assignments. For problems with broad numerical ranges
like the Unbounded Knapsack Problem, LRA and QF_ALIA found better solutions and performed faster. These results suggest a high chance of substantially
improving OMT solver performance using a suitable selection and combination
of procedures from a set of SMT logics for each problem.
The rule encoding transformation set has the potential to be generalised into
a system that can automatically translate any mathematical model into multiple
SMT logics to optimise solver performance. Without such a system, users must
manually encode or transform problems into diﬀerent SMT logics to ﬁnd the
best-performing model for their speciﬁc problem. An automatic logic encoder
would streamline this process, saving time and eﬀort while enabling users to
achieve optimal performance by leveraging the unique strengths of each SMT
logic. Our ﬁndings suggest this approach would enhance model adaptability and
extend the practical applications of OMT solvers across various domains without
requiring any expert knowledge for each logic nuances.
Disclosure of Interests. All authors declare that they have no conﬂicts of interest
following the submitted research.

References
1. CSPLib: A problem library for constraints (1999). http://www.csplib.org
2. Barrett, C., Fontaine, P., Tinelli, C.: The SMT-LIB standard: version 2.6 (2017).
www.SMT-LIB.org
3. Benjamin Mikek, Q.Z.: Speeding up SMT solving via compiler optimization. In:
Proceedings of the Symposium on Foundations of Software Engineering (FSE)
(2023)
4. Boﬁll, M., Coll, J., Nightingale, P., Suy, J., Ulrich-Oltean, F., Villaret, M.: SAT
encodings for pseudo-Boolean constraints together with at-most-one constraints.
Artif. Intell. 302, 103604 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/J.ARTINT.2021.103604
5. Boﬁll, M., Coll, J., Suy, J., Villaret, M.: SMT encodings for resource constrained project scheduling problems. Comput. Industr. Eng. 149, 106777
(2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2020.106777, https://www.sciencedirect.
com/science/article/pii/0360835220304873
6. Boﬁll, M., Palah’i, M., Suy, J., Villaret, M.: Simply: a compiler from a CSP modeling language to the SMT-LIB format, pp. 30–44 (2009)
7. Boﬁll, M., Suy, J., Palahí, M., Villaret, M.: Solving constraint satisfaction problems with sat modulo theories. Constraints 17, 273–303 (2012). https://doi.org/
10.1007/s10601-012-9123-1
8. Boﬁll, M., Suy, J., Villaret, M.: A system for solving constraint satisfaction problems with SMT. In: Strichman, O., Szeider, S. (eds.) SAT 2010. LNCS, vol.
6175, pp. 300–305. Springer, Heidelberg (2010). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3642-14186-7_25

278

I. Jorquera et al.

9. Davidson, E., Akgün, Ö., Espasa, J., Nightingale, P.: Eﬀective encodings of constraint programming models to SMT. In: Simonis, H. (ed.) CP 2020. LNCS, vol.
12333, pp. 143–159. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-03058475-7_9
10. Gawlitza, T., Monniaux, D.: Improving strategies via SMT solving. CoRR
abs/1101.2812 (2011). http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.2812
11. Gálvez Ramírez, N., Monfroy, E., Saubion, F., Castro, C.: Improving complex SMT
strategies with learning. Int. Trans. Oper. Res. 27(2), 1162–1188 (2020). https://
doi.org/10.1111/itor.12650, https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/itor.
12650
12. Hnich, B., Kiziltan, Z., Miguel, I., Walsh, T.: Hybrid modelling for robust solving. Ann. Oper. Res. 130(1–4), 19–39 (2004). https://doi.org/10.1023/B:ANOR.
0000032568.51115.0d
13. Lecoutre, C.: Constraint Networks: Techniques and Algorithms. Wiley-IEEE Press
(2009)
14. de Moura, L., Bjørner, N.: Z3: an eﬃcient SMT solver. In: Ramakrishnan, C.R.,
Rehof, J. (eds.) TACAS 2008. LNCS, vol. 4963, pp. 337–340. Springer, Heidelberg
(2008). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-78800-3_24
15. Nightingale, P., Rendl, A.: Essence’ description. CoRR abs/1601.02865 (2016),
http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.02865
16. Oliver, R.: Optimization modulo theories. Master’s thesis, Universitat Politècnica
de Catalunya (2011)
17. Robinson, J.: On the Hamiltonian game (a traveling salesman problem) (1949)
18. Schmidt, J., Leuschel, M.: Improving SMT solver integrations for the validation of
B and event-B models. In: Lluch Lafuente, A., Mavridou, A. (eds.) FMICS 2021.
LNCS, vol. 12863, pp. 107–125. Springer, Cham (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/
978-3-030-85248-1_7
19. Tack, G., et al.: Minizinc (version 2.8.4). https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10836043
(2024). https://doi.org/10.5281/ZENODO.10836043. Accessed 15 Aug 2024
20. Tinelli, C.: A DPLL-based calculus for ground satisﬁability modulo theories. In:
Flesca, S., Greco, S., Ianni, G., Leone, N. (eds.) JELIA 2002. LNCS (LNAI),
vol. 2424, pp. 308–319. Springer, Heidelberg (2002). https://doi.org/10.1007/3540-45757-7_26
21. Vanhoucke, M., Maenhout, B.: NSPLib–a nurse scheduling problem library: a tool
to evaluate (meta-)heuristic procedures (2007)
22. Walsh, T.: SAT v CSP. In: Dechter, R. (ed.) CP 2000. LNCS, vol. 1894, pp. 441–
456. Springer, Heidelberg (2000). https://doi.org/10.1007/3-540-45349-0_32

Chance Constrained Optimization
with Complex Variables
Raneem Madani(B)

and Abdel Lisser

Université Paris-Saclay, CNRS, CentraleSupélec, Laboratoire des Signaux et
Systèmes (L2S), 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France
{raneem.madani,abdel.lisser}@centralesupelec.fr

Abstract. This paper introduces a novel formalism for a prominent
problem in stochastic optimization involving complex random variables,
termed the Complex Chance-Constrained Problem (CCCP). The study
speciﬁcally examines the linear CCCP under complex normal distributions for two scenarios: one with individual probabilistic constraints and
the other with joint probabilistic constraints. For the individual case, the
core methodology reformulates the CCCP into a deterministic SecondOrder Cone Programming (SOCP) problem, ensuring equivalence to the
original CCCP. For the joint case, an approximation is achieved by deriving suitable upper and lower bounds, which also leads to a SOCP formulation. Finally, numerical experiments on a signal processing application, speciﬁcally, the Minimum Variance Beamforming problem with
mismatch using MVDR, demonstrate that the proposed formalism outperforms existing approaches in the literature. A comparative analysis
between the joint and individual CCCP cases is also included.
Keywords: Stochastic Optimization · Chance-Constrained
Programming · Joint Constraint Problem · Second-Order Cone
Programming · Complex Normal Distribution · Adaptive Beamforming

1

Introduction

Mathematical optimization is the systematic process of maximizing or minimizing an objective while adhering to deﬁned constraints. However, many optimization problems are complicated by uncertainties in data or models. This leads to
a critical subﬁeld known as Optimization Under Uncertainty, or Stochastic Optimization, it was ﬁrst introduced by George Dantzig in the 1950s [7]. This ﬁeld is
widely studied because real-world problems often involve unpredictable factors
that cannot be fully anticipated. Addressing these uncertainties is essential to
develop solutions that are both reliable and eﬀective.
One prominent framework for handling uncertainty in optimization is chanceconstrained programming (CCP), introduced by Abraham Charnes and William
W. Cooper in 1959 [3]. CCP incorporates uncertainty directly into the constraints
by representing them as probabilistic conditions. In this approach, constraints
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 279–290, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_21

280

R. Madani and A. Lisser

must be satisﬁed with a predeﬁned conﬁdence level, ensuring a balance between
feasibility and risk. The importance of addressing CCP problems, particularly
when the decision variable is complex, is increasingly evident due to their applications in various real-world domains, such as signal processing [14] (refer to
Sect. 7). Notably, tackling these problems requires alternative approaches that
leverage the complex nature of the variables, the distribution of stochastic variables, and the relation matrix, which depends on both .z and its conjugate .z̄.
These approaches diﬀer signiﬁcantly from methods that convert complex variables into real ones using .CR-calculus (Wirtinger Calculus [17,20]). The latter
approach loses key exploitable properties [11,15].
Another critical reason for directly handling complex variables lies in the
computational implications of conversion. Transforming complex variables into
real ones doubles the problem’s dimensionality, potentially leading to increased
computational time as in Table 1, slower convergence rates, issues related to the
curse of dimensionality [2], and reduced algorithmic accuracy, as seen in [10],
the authors proved that solving optimization problems in the complex domain
yields better accuracy compared to converting the problem to the real domain
particularly when applied to quantum computing problems.
Table 1. Complex vs. real GD/SPSA performance for .min
Size

.GDC

.GDR

.SP SAC

√

Az in 10D and 20D

.SP SAR

Obj Time Obj Time Obj Time Obj Time
10 0.0 20.3 0.1 40.1 0.7 33.7 0.5 63.1
20 0.1 49.3 0.1 180.6 1.6 76.8 1.4 275.9

Reformulation techniques are essential for managing chance constraints in
optimization by transforming them into more tractable forms for analysis and
solution. For individual linear chance constraints, an equivalent reformulation
as second-order cone programming (SOCP) is possible under certain conditions
[12,16]. For linear joint chance constraints with continuous random variables,
in [4], a full proof is provided using copula theory to convert the problem into
a deterministic one. Then, various convex approximations have been proposed,
such as [5], Cheng and Lisser derived lower and upper bounds using Taylor series
and piecewise methods.
This paper introduces a novel approach for addressing optimization problems
involving complex variables under uncertainty, referred to as Complex-ChanceConstraint Programming (CCCP). To the best of our knowledge, the general
form of CCP with complex random variables has not been previously formulated or tackled. Our work focuses on the linear case, where both the objective
and constraints are linear, and the random variables follow complex normal
distributions. We address two key problem classes: The ﬁrst class is the individual CCCP, where we transform stochastic problems into equivalent SOCPs

Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables

281

by exploiting properties of the mean and variance. The second class is the joint
CCCP with dependent matrix rows. For this, we convert the joint CCCP into
a deterministic problem by employing copulas to handle dependencies among
random vectors. As the resulting problem is biconvex, we approximate the solution by deriving lower bounds using a Taylor series approximation and upper
bounds using the piecewise approach. The results have since been extended to
encompass nonlinear scenarios with respect to decision variables while remaining
linear in relation to random variables. To demonstrate their practical utility, we
apply these ﬁndings to a robust beamforming problem, speciﬁcally addressing
the MDVR (Minimum variance distortionless response) case with a mismatch.
The paper is organized as follows: Sect. 2 presents the preliminaries and problem formulation. Section 3 introduces the CCCP problem. Section 4 discusses the
normal distribution of complex aﬃne functions. Section 5 presents the IndividualCCCP. Section 6 delves into the Joint-CCCP, detailing the problem and providing upper and lower approximations. Section 7 presents applications from signal
processing (MVDR with mismatch), and simulation experiments comparing our
approach with approaches from the literature and also comparisons between
Individual and Joint CCCP. Finally, Sect. 8 concludes the paper.

2

Preliminaries

The set of complex vectors is denoted by .Cn . The complex number can be
written as .z = (x, y) = x + iy, where .x = (z) is the real part of .z and
.y =
(z) is the imaginary part of .z [1]. The complex conjugate of .z is deﬁned
as .z̄ = (x, −y) = x − iy. The transpose and the complex conjugate transpose of
T
.z are denoted by .z
and .z H respectively. The Euclidean norm of .z is equal to
√
H
2
. z =
zz = x + y 2 . For a complex random vector .z ∈ Cn [21], let .μz , Γz
and .Cz be the mean, covariance matrix, and relation matrix, respectively, then
the complex normal distribution is given by .z ∼ Nc (μz , Γz , Cz ).
Definition 1. The mean, covariance, and relation matrix of the random vector
z are given by:

.

μz = E[z] = E[x] + iE[y]
Cov(z, z) = Γz = Γx + Γy + i(Γyx − Γxy )
Cov(z, z̄) = Cz = Γx − Γy + i(Γyx + Γxy )

.

(1)
(2)
(3)

Properties:
1. The covariance matrix is Hermitian, and the relation matrix is symmetric.
2. .Cov(z, w) = Cov(w, z).
3. .∀α ∈ C, Cov(αz, w) = αCov(z, w), and .Cov(z, αw) = ᾱCov(z, w).
4. .Cov( i zi , j wj ) = i,j Cov(zi , wj ).
5. The covariance matrix .Γz is positive semideﬁnite: .aH Γz a ≥ 0, ∀a ∈ Cn .
6. If .z ∼ Nc (μz , Γz , Cz ) is random variable, and if .A ∈ Cm×n and .b ∈ Cn , then
H
T
.Az + b ∼ Nc (Aμz + b, AΓz A , ACz A ).

282

3

R. Madani and A. Lisser

Complex Chance Constraint Problem (CCCP)

The complex chance-constraint problem is given as follows:
(CCCP) min f (z, ξ)

.

s.t. g(z, ξ) = 0
P[h(z, ξ) ≤ 0] ≥ p,
R, .g : Cn
Ck , and .h : Cn
Rm . The deterministic deciwhere .f : Cn
sion variables are given by the complex vector .z ∈ Cn , while .ξ is the complex
random vector containing all uncertainties in the form of complex random variables. We have two classes, ﬁrst one is the individual CCCP which requires that
each constraint be satisﬁed independently with a certain probability, and then
.p = [p1 , · · · , pm ], pi ∈ [0, 1]; ∀i is the probability vector. The other class is the
joint CCCP which requires that all inequality constraints in the set be satisﬁed
simultaneously with a certain joint probability, and then .p ∈ [0, 1]. In this paper,
we assume that the feasible set is not empty and .p ≥ 0.5.

4

Normal Distribution of Complex Aﬃne Functions

In this section, we introduce two lemmas that play a crucial role in this paper.
We discuss the distribution of the real part of aﬃne functions with complex
random variables, which are given by . (cH z) and . (Az − b).
Lemma 1. If .c is a random vector with .c ∼ Nc (μc , Γc , Cc ), then . (cH z) is real
normally distributed with
.

1
H
H
(μH
c z), ( (z Γc z + z Cc z̄))
2

(cH z) ∼ N

(4)

Furthermore, the variance is a quadratic function.
Proof. Using Deﬁnition (1) to ﬁnd the mean:
E[ (cH z)] = (μH
c z)

(5)

.

Using property (4) the variance is given by:
⎞
⎛
n
n
n
1
1
.V ar ⎝
c̄j zj + z̄j cj ⎠ = (V ar(
c̄j zj ) + V ar(
z̄j cj )
2 j=1
4
j=1
j=1
n

+ Cov(

n

j=1

n

z̄j cj ) + Cov(

c̄j zj ,
j=1

n

c̄j zj ))

z̄j cj ,
j=1

(6)

(7)

j =1

Decomposing the term by applying the properties of variance, and using Deﬁnition (1) the variance is equal to:
1 H
z Γc z +
z H Cc z̄ = xT Γcr x + xT Γcr ci y + y T Γci cr x + y T Γci y
2
Which is positive semideﬁnite matrix.
.

(8)

Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables

283

Lemma 2. Let .Ai = (ai1 , · · · , ain ) ∼ Nc (μAi , ΓAi , CAi ) and .bi ∼
Nc (μbi , Γbi , Cbi ), .i = 1, · · · , m, if .bi , Ai ∀i are independent, then . (Ai z − bi )
is real normally distribution, with
.

(Ai z − bi ) ∼ N

(μAi z) − μbi ,

1
2

z H ΓAi z + z T CAi z + σbi

, i = 1, · · · , m

(9)
Furthermore, the covariance matrix of . (Ai z − bi ) is a quadratic function.
Proof. Similar to the proof of Lemma (1).
For simplicity, from this point forward, we assume that the real and imaginary
parts of .c are independent, the real and imaginary parts of .Ai , i = 1, · · · , m are
independent, and .bi , Ai ∀i are independent.

5

Individual-CCCP

Let .c and .Ai be complex vectors and .bi be complex random variables with known
probability distributions, then, the linear CCCP is given by:
n

(P 1) min

(c̄j zj )

.

j=1

⎡

s.t. P ⎣

⎤

n

(aij zj − bi ) ≤ 0⎦ ≥ pi ,

i = 1, · · · , m

j=1

(z) ≥ 0,

(z) ≥ 0

Using Lemma (1), the new deterministic objective function minimization can
be formulated as follows:
q

. 1

(μH
c z) + q2

1
(z H Γc z + z H Cc z̄)
2

(10)

where .q1 and .q2 are nonnegative weights for the mean and variance. Let
n

h =

n

(āij zj ) − bi =

. i

j=1

1
(aij zj + aij zj ) − bi , i = 1, · · · , m
2
j=1

(11)

Thus, the constraint of the problem is:
P (hi − μhi )Cov(hi )− 2 ≤ −μhi Cov(hi )− 2 ≥ pi ,
1

.

1

i = 1, · · · , m

(12)

Let .Φ(x) represent the CDF of the standard normal distribution evaluated at .x.
The constraint is stated as:
Φ −μhi Cov(hi )− 2
1

.

≥ pi ⇐⇒ μhi + Φ−1 (pi ) Cov(hi ) ≤ 0

(13)

284

R. Madani and A. Lisser

Then, the deterministic equivalent of problem 10 can be written as:
1
(z H Γc z + z H Cc z̄)
2
1
s.t. (μAi z) − μbi + Φ−1 (pi )
(z H ΓAi z + z T CAi z) + σbi ≤ 0, i = 1, · · · , m
2
(z) ≥ 0,
(z) ≥ 0
(P 2) min q1 (μH
c z) + q2

.

Theorem 1. Problem (P2) is a convex problem, furthermore, it’s a second-order
cone problem.
Proof.
Let .s =

⎤
Γ (c) On×n On×1
T
(μc ) 0 , .K1 = ⎣On×n Γ (c) On×1 ⎦
O1×n O1×n 0
⎡

(z)

(z) 1

T

, .K0 =

(μc )

⎤
⎡
Γ (Ai ) On×n On×1
T
n×n
Γ (Ai ) On×1 ⎦, .K3i =
(μAi ) μbi
(μAi )
.K2i = ⎣ O
1×n
1×n
O
O
σ bi
where .On×n is a zero matrix with size .n × n. Using Lemma (2), the stochastic linear programming problem can be stated as an equivalent deterministic
nonlinear programming problem:
(P3) min q1 sT K0 + q2

.

s.t. Φ−1 (pi )
s≥0

T

K1 s
T

K 2i s

sT K3i , i = 1, · · · , m

K1 and .K2i are positive semideﬁnite matrices, then (P2) gives the SOCP.

.

6

Joint-CCCP

Linear CCCP uses the theory of copulas to represent row dependence:
n

(P4) min

(c̄j zj )

.

j=1

s.t. P [ (Az − b) ≤ 0] ≥ p,
(z) ≥ 0,
(z) ≥ 0
where .c, A, and .b are random vectors w complex normal distributed.

Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables

285

Theorem 2. Problem (P4) is equivalent to the following bi-convex problem:
1
(z H Γc z + z H Cc z̄)
2
1
1
θ
(z H ΓAi z + z T CAi z) + σbi ≤ 0,
(μAi z) − μbi + Φ−1 (pyi )
2

(P5) min q1 (μH
c z) + q2

.

s.t.

∀i

m

yi = 1,

(z) ≥ 0,

(z) ≥ 0,

y≥0

i=1

Proof. The proof has been done in [4].
To ﬁnd a SOCP approximation of (P5), we approximate the quantile function
by deriving both an upper and a feasible lower bound.
6.1

Lower Bound Taylor Series Approximation

To formulate the deterministic problem with a lower bound solution to (P5),
1/θ
we ﬁnd an approximation of quantile function .Φl = Φ−1 (pyi ), using Taylor
series expansion around .N tangent points .rl , l = 1, · · · , N , .rl ∈ (0, 1] with
.r1 < r2 < · · · < rN . The approximation function is given by:
1/θ
1/θ
1/θ
1/θ−1 1
−1 rl
.Φ̂1l = Φ
(p
) + Φ−1 (prl )prl ln(p)rl
θ (y − rl ) .= a1l + b1l y,
1/θ

1/θ−1

1/θ

1/θ

1
−1 rl
where .b1l = Φ−1 (prl )prl ln(p)rl
(p
) − b1l rl .
θ and .a1l = Φ
.Φ̂1 =
max Φ̂1l is the lower approximation function.
l=1,··· ,N

Theorem 3. Let .rˆi = (r̂i1 , · · · , r̂in ). Together with the approximation of
1/θ
−1 yi
.Φ
(p
), we have the following approximation of problem (P5), correspondingly:
(P6) min q1 (μH
c z) + q2

.

s.t.

1
(z H Γc z + z H Cc z̄)
2

(rij )

1
(riH ΓAi ri + riT CAi ri ) + σbi − μbi ≤ 0, ∀i
2
(a1l zj + b1l mij ), ∀i, j, l

(rij )

(a1l zj + b1l mij ),

(μAi z) +

∀i, j, l

m

mij = zj , ∀j,

(z) ≥ 0,

(z) ≥ 0,

m≥0

i=1

Moreover, the optimal value of this approximation is a lower bound of (P5).
Proof. First, we know that the quantile function .Φ−1 (py
.p ≥ 0.5. Therefore, for any tangent point .rl , l = 1, · · · , N ,
Φ−1 (py

.

1/θ

N

) ≥ Φ̂1 = max{Φ̂1l }.
l=1

1/θ

) is convex for all

(14)

286

R. Madani and A. Lisser

Since .

1
2

(z H ΓAi z + z T CAi z) + σbi ≥ 0, then .∀i we have:
1
θ

z : (μAi z) + Φ−1 (pyi )

.

1
(z H ΓAi z + z T CAi z) + σbi ≤ μbi
2

1

.

6.2

⊂ z : (μA z) + Φ̂1 2 (zH ΓA z + zT CA z) + σb ≤ μb
i

i

i

i

i

(15)

.

(16)

Upper Bound - Piecewise Linear Approximation

To construct an upper approximation solution to (P5), we select .N interpolation
points .rl , l = 1, · · · , N from the interval .(0, 1], with .r1 < r2 < · · · < rN , and
1/θ
denote .Φ−1 (prl ) by .Φl . Let .Φ̂2l be the corresponding piecewise linear approxi1/θ
mation of .Φ−1 (py ). We have:
.

Φ̂2l = Φl +

y − rl
(Φl+1 − Φl ) = a2l + b2l y
rl+1 − rl

(17)

rl+1 Φl − rl Φl+1
Φl+1 − Φl
and .b2l =
. Deﬁned .Φ̂2 = max Φ̂2l is
l=1,··· ,N
rl+1 − rl
rl+1 − rl
the upper approximation function.
where .a2l =

Theorem 4. Let .rˆi = (r̂i1 , · · · , r̂i,n ). Together with the approximation of
1/θ
Φ−1 (pyi ), we have the following approximation of problem (P5), correspondingly:

.

(P7) min q1 (μH
c z) + q2

.

s.t.

(μAi z) +
(rij )
(rij )

1
(z H Γc z + z H Cc z̄)
2

1
(riH ΓAi ri + riT CAi ri ) + σbi − μbi ≤ 0, ∀i
2
(a2l zj + b2l mij ), ∀i, j, l
(a2l zj + b2l mij ), ∀i, j, l

m

mij = zj , ∀j,

(z) ≥ 0,

(z) ≥ 0,

m≥0

i=1
∗1
θ

−μ

i z−bi
Moreover, if .p yi ≤ Φ σAAz−b
, then the optimal value of this approximai
i
tion is an upper bound of (P5).

Proof. Similar to the proof of Theorem 3.

Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables

7

287

Simulation Experiments

The implementation was carried out in Python, with the optimization problem
solved using CVXPY. All experiments were run on a machine featuring an 11thgeneration Intel Core i7-1185G7 CPU (3.00 GHz) and 32 GB of RAM.
Adaptive Beamforming with Mismatch Problem. Our formalism has been
applied for adaptive Beamforming using MVDR [6]. Assume that we have several
sensors .N , the output signal of the narrowband beamformer is .y(t) = wH x(t),
where .t is the sample index, .w ∈ CM beamformer weight coeﬃcients, and .x(t) =
S(t) + v(t) is the snapshot vector of array observations. where .S(t) = s(t)as and
.v(t) are the desired signal and the interference-plus-noise components of .x(t),
respectively, .s(t) and .as are the desired signal waveform and its steering vector
(spatial signature). The optimal weight vector can be obtained by computing
the maximum of the SINR function:
SINR =

.

w H Rs w
wH Ri+n w

(18)

Rs , Ri+n are the signal’s covariance and interference and noise’s covariance.
Hence, the maximization of (18) is equivalent to:

.

.

min wH Ri+n w

s.t.

wH as = 1

(19)

−1
−1
−1
a/aH Ri+n
a with SINR.= σs2 aH Ri+n
a. In
where the optimal solution .w∗ = Ri+n
practice, the steering vector is estimated to have errors. The key idea of the
beamformer developed in [18] is to explicitly model the steering vector uncertainty as .ãs = δ + as = as where .ãs and .as are the actual and presumed signal
steering vectors, respectively.
In [19], Vorobyov et al. reformulated the problem as a probability-constrained
problem and converted it to a deterministic one. In this work, we solved the
probability-constrained problem using our formalism to optimize .w. The CCCP
problem is then:
.

min wH Ri+n w
s.t. P[

H

(δ w)

(20)
H

(a w) − 1] ≥ p,

H

(a w) ≥ 0,

H

(a w) = 0

(21)

with .δ is circular i.i.d. zero-mean complex Gaussian. Using lemma (1) and theorem (1), we have the following equivalent deterministic problem:
.

min wH Ri+n w
1/2

s.t. Φ−1 (p) Cδ w /2

(22)
(aH w) − 1,

(aH w) ≥ 0,

(aH w) = 0

(23)

The simulation parameters are conﬁgured as in [19], the number of sensors
M = 8, the number of samples .K = 100, the spacing between array elements .d =
0.5 wavelengths, and the probability .p = 0.95. The Direction of Arrival (DOA) of
the desired signal is .θs = 3◦ . Two interference signals have DOAs of .30◦ and .50◦ .

.

288

R. Madani and A. Lisser

Fig. 1. SINR versus SNR for INR = 5 (left), INR = 20 (middle), and INR = 40 (right).

The perturbation variance is set as .σδ2 = 0.3M with covariance .Covδ = σδ2 /M IM .
The noise power is .σn2 = 1, and 200 simulation runs. Figure 1 illustrates the
output SINRs of our approach and the method presented in [19] as a function
of the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The results demonstrate that our approach
signiﬁcantly outperforms the tested beamformers in [19]. Moreover, our approach
solves the problem with any complex Gaussian distribution. In contrast, prior
works assume that the uncertainty in the steering vector follows an i.i.d. zeromean Gaussian distribution. Furthermore, our approach accommodates multiple
received signal scenarios.
Comparisons Between Individual and Joint CCCP. Another constraint
has been imposed on the problem (20, 21) which is . (δi w) + (aH
i w) ≤ α, with
the same parameters as before, to suppress the interfering signal that might come
from a strong source the problem was solved as Joint and Individual CCCP to
compare between them, as expected and depicted in Fig. 2, joint CCCP outperforms the Individual one, as in the latter, you might sample from risk region.

Fig. 2. Output SINR with INR = .20, .100 runs and .α = 0.7. The problem was solved
as an Individual CCCP and Joint CCCP.

Chance Constrained Optimization with Complex Variables

8

289

Conclusion

This paper presents a novel approach to optimizing real-world applications
involving complex variables through complex chance-constrained optimization
programming (CCCP). Our work focuses on handling random experiments with
speciﬁc conﬁdence levels on constraints. We addressed a special case of complex
optimization, linear programming with complex random variables following a
complex normal distribution. We reformulated the problem to a deterministic
one, resulting in a deterministic SOCP for individual CCCP. For joint CCCP, we
formulated a deterministic problem involving the product of two inherently convex functions, using Taylor Series and Piecewise tangent approximations. The
optimal values obtained serve as a tight gap between the lower and upper bounds
for the original problem. Experimentation shows joint CCCP outperforms individual CCCP, providing enhanced accuracy for many applications.
Acknowledgements. This work was supported by the French government through
the France 2030 investment plan, under the QuanTEdu-France project (grant no. ANR22-CMAS-0001) and the France 2030 program (reference ANR-11-IDEX-0003) within
the OI H-Code.

References
1. Ahlfors, L.V., Ahlfors, L.V.: Complex Analysis. McGraw-Hill, New York (1979)
2. Bellman, R.: Dynamic programming. Science 153(3731), 34–37 (1966)
3. Charnes, A., Cooper, W.W.: Chance-constrained programming. Manage. Sci.
(1959)
4. Cheng, J., Houda, M., Lisser, A.: Chance constrained 0–1 quadratic programs using
copulas. Optim. Lett. 9(7), 1283–1295 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11590015-0854-y
5. Cheng, J., Lisser, A.: A second-order cone programming approach for linear programs with joint probabilistic constraints. Oper. Res. Lett. (2012)
6. Cox, H., Zeskind, R., Owen, M.: Robust adaptive beamforming. IEEE Trans.
Acoust. Speech Signal Process. 35(10), 1365–1376 (1987). https://doi.org/10.1109/
TASSP.1987.1165054
7. Dantzig, G., Fulkerson, R., Johnson, S.: Solution of a large-scale traveling-salesman
problem. J. Oper. Res. Soc. Am. 2(4), 393–410 (1954)
8. Farhi, E., Goldstone, J., Gutmann, S.: A quantum approximate optimization algorithm. arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4028 (2014)
9. Fei, X., Brady, L.T., Larson, J., Leyﬀer, S., Shen, S.: Binary quantum control
optimization with uncertain Hamiltonians. INFORMS J. Comput. (2024)
10. Gidi, J., et al.: Stochastic optimization algorithms for quantum applications. Phys.
Rev. A 108(3), 032409 (2023)
11. Goodman, N.R.: Statistical analysis based on a certain multivariate complex gaussian distribution (an introduction). Ann. Math. Stat. 34(1), 152–177 (1963)
12. Henrion, R., Strugarek, C.: Convexity of chance constraints with independent random variables. Comput. Optim. Appl. 41(2), 263–276 (2008)

290

R. Madani and A. Lisser

13. Knill, E.: Quantum computing with realistically noisy devices. Nature 434(7029),
39–44 (2005)
14. Ma, S., Sun, D.: Chance constrained robust beamforming in cognitive radio networks. IEEE Commun. Lett. 17(1), 67–70 (2012)
15. Picinbono, B.: Second-order complex random vectors and normal distributions.
IEEE Trans. Signal Process. 44(10), 2637–2640 (1996)
16. Prékopa, A.: Stochastic Programming, vol. 324. Springer (2013)
17. Remmert, R.: Theory of Complex Functions, vol. 122. Springer (1991)
18. Vorobyov, S., Gershman, A., Luo, Z.Q.: Robust adaptive beamforming using worstcase performance optimization: a solution to the signal mismatch problem. IEEE
Trans. Signal Process. 51(2), 313–324 (2003). https://doi.org/10.1109/TSP.2002.
806865
19. Vorobyov, S.A., Chen, H., Gershman, A.B.: On the relationship between robust
minimum variance beamformers with probabilistic and worst-case distortionless
response constraints. IEEE Trans. Signal Process. 56(11), 5719–5724 (2008)
20. Wirtinger, W.: Zur formalen theorie der funktionen von mehr komplexen veränderlichen. Math. Ann. 97(1), 357–375 (1927)
21. Wooding, R.A.: The multivariate distribution of complex normal variables.
Biometrika 43(1/2), 212–215 (1956)
22. Young, K.C., Blume-Kohout, R., Lidar, D.A.: Adiabatic quantum optimization
with the wrong hamiltonian. Phys. Rev. A—Atomic Mol. Opt. Phys. 88(6), 062314
(2013)

Optimizing Retail Promotions
with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear
Programming and Cross-Elasticity Eﬀects
Govindaraju Uma Maheswari(B) , Srividhya Sethuraman ,
and Sharadha Ramanan
TCS Research, Chennai, India
{uma.mg,srividhya.sethuraman1,sharadha.ramanan}@tcs.com
Abstract. Promotion planning for a store group is a strategic approach
aimed at temporarily lowering prices to stimulate sales over a speciﬁc
period while meeting revenue and margin targets. The challenge lies in
selecting the optimal set of products and bundles for promotion and
determining their discounts, all within constraints like budget limits,
bundle conﬂicts, and business rules. Conventional methods using linearization or heuristics often lead to sub-optimal solutions, making them
unsuitable for real-world scenarios. This paper introduces a two-step
Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) solution to address the
non-linearities inherent in promotion planning. By integrating discrete
decisions, such as item selection, with continuous variables like discount
levels, MINLP solution oﬀers a comprehensive solution for balancing revenue and margin trade-oﬀs. It allows inclusion of important factors such
as hoarding, new bundles and cannibalization eﬀects. In practical settings, where promotions involve about 50–100 SKUs and bundles within
a category, the resulting MINLP problem remains computationally feasible and scalable. Compared to the historical discount from a large
retailer, promotion using MINLP gives 0.84% increase in revenue and
4.5% increase in margin with 89.9% total budget being used. Considering new bundles improved revenue by 21.32% and margin by 13.96%
using 81.22% of total budget. Additionally, detailed what-if analyses provide actionable insights, enabling retailers to evaluate varying strategies,
adapt to dynamic market conditions, and strengthen their negotiation
positions with vendors. This study highlights the potential of MINLP in
transforming promotion planning into a robust and eﬃcient process.
Keywords: Retail Promotion Planning · MINLP · Price
optimization · Bundle Optimization · New Bundles · Cross-Elasticity
Eﬀects · Heuristics · Scenario Analysis · Scalability

1

Introduction

Promotion planning for a store group is a critical component of retail strategy,
involving structured price adjustments over speciﬁc periods to boost sales and
achieve ﬁnancial goals. It includes regular promotions, which follow an annual
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 291–303, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_22

292

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

schedule, and event-based promotions, aligned with major occasions like Christmas or ‘Back to School’ campaigns. This paper focuses on optimizing regular
promotions, which require 4–6 months of advanced planning, based on category
managers’ forecasts. These forecasts shape the promotional calendar, determining the scope and frequency of planned activities.
A well-structured promotion plan integrates revenue and margin targets, vendor contributions, and a predeﬁned set of items and promotional strategies. Business rules deﬁne how promotions apply to speciﬁc products or bundles, ensuring
alignment with retailer objectives while meeting operational constraints. However, the complexity of promotion planning stems from cross-elasticity eﬀects,
where the pricing of one item inﬂuences demand for related products, and bundle
dynamics, where discounts on grouped items aﬀect overall category performance.
Managing these inter-dependencies is essential to optimize promotional discounts
while maintaining proﬁtability.
Retailers must also consider factors such as hoarding behavior, cannibalization eﬀects, and bundle conﬂicts when designing promotion strategies. Crosselasticity analysis provides insights into how discounts on one item aﬀect related
products, while bundle modeling captures the aggregated impact of multi-item
promotions. The introduction of new bundles further complicates optimization,
requiring sophisticated decision-making tools.
To address these challenges, retailers require advanced demand forecasting
tools that integrate historical sales data, price elasticity, budget constraints,
and operational considerations. These tools must support explainability, oﬀering clear insights into promotion drivers such as competitor actions, vendor
funding, and consumer behavior. Additionally, dynamic simulation capabilities
are essential for conducting what-if analyses, enabling retailers to reﬁne promotional strategies, assess ﬁnancial impact, and improve vendor negotiations.
Despite these complexities, existing solutions often rely on linearization or heuristic methods, which fail to capture the nonlinear interdependencies inherent in
promotion planning. This paper presents a Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) framework that models critical nonlinear factors, including crosselasticity eﬀects, bundle interactions, and business constraints. Leveraging historical data, price elasticity values, cross-elasticity insights, and scenario analysis,
the proposed framework optimizes category-level promotions for both individual
products and bundles.
Since planned promotions typically involve 50–100 SKUs and bundles per
category, the MINLP problem remains medium in scale, ensuring computational
feasibility and real-world applicability. This approach provides a comprehensive,
scalable, and eﬀective solution for optimizing retail promotions while achieving
ﬁnancial and operational objectives. In the next section we give a brief comparison of the state of the art methods and highlight their gaps and state how we
address them.

2

Related Work

Promotion pricing has been widely studied in marketing, operations management, and economics. Recent advancements focus on overcoming the limitations

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming

293

of traditional models by incorporating inter-item eﬀects and cross-elasticity.
Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) has been used to analyze interactions
between promotional oﬀers on multiple products [10]. Research employing crosssectional data explores how promotion pricing impacts consumer behavior and
ﬁrm performance, highlighting interdependencies across products and categories
[4]. Machine learning techniques have also been employed to identify patterns in
large datasets and develop predictive models for complex interactions between
prices, product characteristics, and consumer behavior. Our approach employs
a cross-price elasticity matrix to explicitly capture changes in product sales due
to price variations in related products and bundles (Refer Sect. 3.)
Studies have also investigated unintended eﬀects of promotion pricing, such
as hoarding and cannibalization [4,10]. Strategies like price anchoring, discount
timing, and promotional bundling have been proposed to address these issues
[10]. For example, anchoring prices helps mitigate hoarding by providing a reference point for evaluating other products. Additionally, research suggests optimal
timing of promotions can reduce cannibalization eﬀects by minimizing overlaps
between promoted and non-promoted products. We address these two challenges
by incorporating historical price data into our demand forecasting model and
using cross-price elasticity to account for the impact of bundles on individual
product sales (Refer Sect. 3.)
From an operational perspective, promotion pricing is often modeled as a
dynamic optimization problem with objectives such as maximizing sales, revenue, or proﬁt margins. Linear programming, integer programming, and stochastic programming are commonly employed to solve these problems. For instance,
linear programming optimizes pricing strategies by balancing immediate sales
with long-term proﬁtability. Integer programming considers binary decisions,
such as whether to oﬀer a discount. More recent studies incorporate stochastic
programming and machine learning to account for demand uncertainties and
market trends. Constraints such as budget limits, product availability, and supply chain factors are also widely considered.
Several studies have applied mathematical programming techniques to retail
promotion optimization. Despite these advancements, most studies rely on linearization or heuristic approaches, limiting their ability to address nonlinearities
in real-world scenarios [4, 5,7]. These methods often overlook critical aspects
such as bundles and what-if analyses, creating a gap in the literature [6,8].
The contributions of this work are as follows: 1) We present a novel twostep heuristics + MINLP framework for retail promotion planning, eﬀectively
addressing nonlinearities from cross-elasticity and bundle interactions. 2) Our
MINLP solution optimizes product selection, bundle conﬁgurations, and discounts while considering hoarding, cannibalization, business rules, and bundle
conﬂicts. 3) Application of our model for real-world data demonstrates a 27% revenue increase and a 16% margin improvement when incorporating new bundles.
4) Our framework provides actionable insights,ensuring alignment with ﬁnancial
and operational goals. 5) We include ‘what-if’ analyses that enhance decisionmaking, making this approach a scalable, data-driven solution for retailers. In
the next section, we discuss our mathematical formulation of the problem and
MINLP optimization framework in detail.

294

3

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

Mathematical Formulation of the MINLP Solution
for Nonlinear Planned Promotion Optimization

This section details the two-stage (heuristic and MINLP) approach for optimizing planned promotions at a store group level. The promotion optimization
system follows a structured workﬂow (refer Fig. 1): 1. Aggregation of transaction data, product attributes, and store-level information. 2. Clustering of stores
based on sales proﬁles. 3. Demand forecasting [3,11] at the product/bundle-store
group level. 4. Computation of price elasticity and cross-price elasticity coeﬃcients [2, 9] 5. MINLP-based optimization to determine the optimal selection of
promotional items, bundles, and their discounts.
The optimization problem aims to maximize category revenue while meeting
predeﬁned revenue and margin targets. The model enforces discount bounds,
budget constraints, bundle conﬂict resolution, and business rules. It integrates
price elasticity, cross-elasticity eﬀects, and demand forecasting to optimize
revenue-margin trade-oﬀs. Key inputs include promotional items, bundles, price
elasticity coeﬃcients, historical sales data, allocated budget, and business rules.
The outputs consist of optimal promotional selections, discount levels, and KPI
projections. The model assumes constant discounts during the promotion period,
stable inventory, and customer behavior aligned with historical trends. Our
two-step approach enhances eﬃciency. The ﬁrst step applies heuristics and preprocessing to ﬁlter items and bundles based on business rules and bundle conﬂicts, ensuring only viable candidates enter the optimization phase. The second
step employs a nonlinear MINLP framework to determine the optimal promotional items and discounts within deﬁned constraints. Refer to Table 1 for notation details and Algorithm 1 for the pseudocode of the proposed methodology.
3.1

Preprocessing

Before formulating the MINLP, we perform the following preprocessing steps:

Fig. 1. Architecture diagram.

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming

295

Step 1: Scoring and Sorting: Items and bundles are scored based on the score
(Yi ) at optimal discount .(d∗i ). This score is calculated as:
where .Ri (d∗i ) and .Mi (d∗i ) are revenue and margin at optimal discount .d∗i . .λ is
weight that can be adjusted based on retailer preferences and historical data.
In our experiments, we used .λ = 0.6, reﬂecting a slightly greater emphasis on
revenue. .d∗i can be found by solving the below equation

.

.

d∗i = argmax(λ · Ri (di ) + (1 − λ) · Mi (di ))
di

either analytically or with the help of simulation. Items and bundles are then
sorted in descending order of the value of their score.
Step 2: Business Rule Filtering: Items and bundles are deselected based on
predeﬁned business rules. This creates a set of “mandatory de-list” items .(S),
which are removed from the sorted list. This is represented as: . i∈S δi = 0,
where .δi is a binary variable indicating whether item/bundle .i is selected for
promotion. These 2 steps give the ﬁltered list (F) of items and bundles as inputs
for the heuristics steps.
3.2

Complexity Analysis, Solver Eﬃciency, And Mo del Scalability

Solving Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) models is challenging
as these problems combine integer decision variables with nonlinear constraints,
making them NP-hard. To address this, we employ GEKKO with the APOPT
solver, which incorporates heuristic techniques to enhance computational eﬃciency and scalability. To enhance model scalability, we integrate heuristic techniques to provide a high-quality initial solution, reducing the computational
burden on the MINLP solver.
3.3

Heuristic Initialization

To provide a warm start to the MINLP solver, we use a two-step heuristic approach:
Greedy Selection: Items and bundles from the ﬁltered list (F, resulting
from preprocessing) are selected greedily. The algorithm iteratively selects
items/bundles and assigns a discount percentage while ensuring that the total
budget constraint is not exceeded.
The feasible discount is determined as the minimum of the optimal discount
and the closest discount to the optimal discount that ﬁts within the available
budget. The remaining budget is updated, and the process continues until the
budget is fully utilized. Refer Algorithm 1 in Fig. 2
Local Search: The greedy solution is iteratively improved using local search.
This involves adding or removing items or bundles and adjusting their discount
levels. The search continues until a maximum number of iterations is reached
or no further improvement in the objective function is observed. The best solution found during local search serves as the initial solution for reducing the

296

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

feasible search space, minimizing the number of branch-and-bound iterations
required. Refer Algorithm 2 in Fig. 2

Fig. 2. Heuristics Pseudocode.

A. Objective: The Objective (Refer Eq. 1) is to maximize a weighted combination of revenue and margin, while also penalizing deviations from the revenue
and margin targets. The weights .w1 and .w2 determine the relative importance
of revenue and margin, while .w3 and .w4 are large values that ensure the targets
are met.
⎛

.

b

− w3 ∗ max⎝0, Rtarget −

⎞

rb ⎠ + w2 ∗ ⎝

ri +
i

⎛

⎛

⎞

Maximize w1 ∗ ⎝

⎞

i

b

⎛

⎞

rb ⎠ − w4 ∗ max⎝0, Mtarget −

ri −
i

mb ⎠

mi +

i

b

mb ⎠

mi −

(1)

b

B. Item level KPIs: Revenue, Margin, and Demand for item i at discount .di
are given below:
Ri =

.

N
i=1 Pi

(1 − δi di ) ∗ Si ,

Mi =

N
i=1 (Pi

(1 − δi di ) − Ci ) ∗ Si

Demand including second order eﬀects for inter-item and bundle on promoted
item,
.Si = Si0 ∗((1 − δi di )/(1 − di0 ))eii ∗

j

((1 − δj dj )/(1 − dj0 ))eij ∗

c

N
(X k ∗Pk )(1−δc dc )
k=1
N
(X k ∗Pk )(1−dc0 )
k=1

C. Bundle level KPIs: Revenue, Margin, and Demand for bundle b constituent
k having .Xk units, price .Pk at discount .db and taking into account item-bundle
interaction are given below:
ebb
L
N
(1−db )
.Rb =
Sb = Sb0 ∗ (1−d
b=1
k=1 [(Xk ∗ Pk ) ∗ (1 − db )] ∗ Sb ,
b0 )
L

N

Mb =

[Xk ∗ (Pk − Ck )] ∗ (1 − db ) ∗ Sb

.

b=1 k=1

eic

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming

297

Table 1. Summary of Notations
Notation

Description

.Pi0 , .di0 , .Si0

Regular price, historical discount, Forecasted sales of product i

.di , .Si

Discount and demand at .di of product i

.Ci , .eii , .eij

Cost price, price elasticity of product i,
cross elasticity of product j on product i

.eic

Cross price elasticity of product i with bundle c

.δi , .δb

Indicator variable for selection of product i
and bundle b for promotion

.Ri , .Rb

Revenue of product i, Revenue of bundle b

.Mi , .Mb

Margin of product i, Margin of bundle b

.ri , .mi

Auxiliary variable for revenue and margin of item i

.rb , .mb

Auxiliary variable for revenue and margin of bundle b

.w1 , .w2

Weights for the revenue and margin penalty resp.

.w3 , .w4

Weights for the revenue and margin penalty resp.

.Rtarget , .Mtarget

Revenue target and margin target numbers

.ebb

Price elasticity of bundle

.Xk , .Pk

Units of k and Price of k in bundle

.Sb , db

Bundle b’s cumulative sales and discount

.db0 , .Sb0

Historical discount and cum. Sales forecast for bundle b

N, L

No. of items in promotion, No. of bundles

Min discount, max discount Minimum and maximum discount bounds
Budget

Margin loss due to promotion

MaxSKU

Maximum no. of SKUs to be promoted

ListSKUs, DelistSKUs

List, Delist certain SKUs

incompatSKUs

Tuples of incompatible SKUs

maxConsBundles

Maximum no. of bundles a constituent can belong to

M

Big M

D. Constraints for items and bundles: These equations give the item level
and bundle level minimum and maximum discount bounds. The Big-M method
is used to deﬁne an auxiliary variable that takes revenue or margin of the SKU
when it is selected and 0 otherwise.
.Discount bounds f or item i :

Discount bounds f or bundle b :

δi ∗ M in discount ≤ di ≤ δi ∗ max discount

δb ∗ M in discount ≤ dB ≤ δb ∗ max discount

Constraint on revenue auxiliary variable :

Constraint on bundle revenue auxiliary variable :

ri ≤ Ri , ri ≤ δi M

rb ≤ RB , rb ≤ δb M

Constraint on margin auxiliary variable :

Constraint on bundle margin auxiliary variable :

mi ≤ M i , mi ≤ δi M

mb ≤ M B , mb ≤ δb M

E. Total budget constraint for items and bundles: This constraint states
that the total margin loss for the category should not exceed the total budget
allocated for the promotion.
N
.
k=1 {(X}k ∗ Pk ) ∗ db ∗ Sb ≤ T otal Budget
i δi ∗ pi0 ∗ di ∗ Si +
b δb ∗

298

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

F. Business Constraints and Bundle Conﬂicts:
1. Maximum number of SKUs to be promoted:. i δi ≤ M axSKU
2. Mandatory list/delist speciﬁed SKUs: . i δi = |listSKU s| ∀ i in listSKU s
3. No: of bundles a SKU can belong to:
(δb ) = maxConsBundles f or all bundle b having constituent i
.
4. At least one bundle with a speciﬁc SKU S must be promoted
.
b δb ≥ 1 ∀ i s.t. constituent k of b ∈ S
5. Disable individual item promotion if item present in any bundle
.
i δi = 0 ∀ i s.t. i = k f or constituent k in Bundles
Algorithm 1: Pseudocode for Promo Optimization using MINLP
Framework
Input

: Targets, Total budget, Weights for objective, Penalty, bigM,
Business rules, Solver options
Variables: Optimal discount (d), Binary selection variable (δ)
Output : Total revenue r, total margin m, discount d, total budget used,
selected list of SKUs and bundles
Calculate sales, revenue, and margin for item and bundle level using
intermediate variables for optimal discount
Deﬁne objective (Refer Equation 1) with auxiliary variables (r and m) for total
revenue and total margin along with penalties for not reaching the targets
for SKU/Bundle i do
r[i] ≤ R[i] and r[i] ≤ bigM ·δ[i]
m[i] ≤ M [i] and m[i] ≤ bigM ·d[i]
Sum of margin loss due to promotion ≤ Total budget
Apply Business rules and resolve bundle conﬂicts
return Total revenue r, total margin m, discount d, total budget used, selected
list of SKUs and bundles

The ﬁnal output is the optimal set of promotional items, bundles and their
optimal discounts that maximizes the objective within the given constraints. In
the next section, we present our experiments and results on a real-world grocery
retailer data.

4

Experiments and Results

We developed a comprehensive Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP)
model for promotion planning, integrating own-price and cross-price elasticity
using GEKKO’s APOPT solver [1]. This study utilizes two years of anonymized
grocery sales data, incorporating product attributes, pricing, and store performance. The analysis focuses on bundles and captures cross-product interactions
through a cross-price elasticity matrix. Historical sales data indicate that promotions typically span 5–6 days, with discounts ranging from 10% to 30%. Bundles,
consisting of complementary items (e.g., milk and bread) or multiple units of the
same SKU, are exclusively available during promotions. We give details of the

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming

299

model applied to a real-world grocery category, optimizing promotions for 10
product bundles and 5 individual products. Wall time for 10 SKUs was 484
ms, extrapolating to 716 ms for 50 SKUs, demonstrating sub-linear scalability,
making real-time deployment feasible.
4.1

MINLP Optimization Results

The model selected 8 bundles and 3 products, with discounts ranging from 5%
to 35%, maximizing revenue and margin while adhering to constraints. Table
2 presents the selected items, optimal discount levels, and KPI values. P001,
P002, P003 are skus and the rest are bundles. Compared to historical discounting
strategies, our approach resulted in: 5.2% increase in revenue, 8.7% increase in
margin, 7% increase in sales units with 89.9% budget utilization.
Table 2. MINLP Results
PID

selected

New
discount

Budget used New Sales

New
Revenue

New Margin

B_E_22_15 2

1

0.2

989.79

2474.47

3959.15

3325.69

B_E_33_30 3

1

0.35

8234.54

7842.42

15292.72

12845.89

B_M_42_30 12

1

0.35

31.25

7.44

58.04

49.33

E_B_34_20 10.5

1

0.25

390.20

148.65

1170.60

998.91

E_M_43_25 14

1

0.3

49.97

11.90

116.60

99.11

M_B_22_25 6

1

0.3

737.63

409.80

1721.14

1468.71

M_B_31_20 6

1

0.25

16.38

10.92

49.15

41.94

M_E_21_10 1.5

1

0.15

2335.86

10381.59

13236.52

11118.68

P001

2

1

0.05

2.48

24.82

47.15

39.71

P002

1.5

1

0.05

1.81

24.18

34.46

29.14

P003

0.5

1

0.05

7.40

296.03

140.62

116.93

4.2

Regular
Price

Revenue vs. Margin Trade-Oﬀ

Our framework allows retailers to prioritize revenue or margin by adjusting
objective function weights. Figure 3 shows the impact of weight variations:
Low weight on revenue (.w1) results in higher margin. High weight on revenue
increases revenue at the cost of margin. In Fig. 3, 3(a) corresponds to .w1 vs. .w2
vs. total revenue and 3(b) corresponds to .w1 vs. .w2 vs. total margin. In Fig. 3(a),
when .w1 is low and .w2 is high, total revenue is high. In Fig. 3(b), when .w1 is
high and .w2 is low, total margin is high.
4.3

Model Validation

Robustness and Sensitivity Analysis: The model was tested across multiple random starting points, with sensitivity analysis using discount perturbations
over 100 iterations. Results showed minimal deviation in KPIs, conﬁrming solution stability. While steeper discounts improved objective values, they violated
budget constraints, reinforcing the optimality of our two-step solution.

300

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

Fig. 3. Revenue and Margin frontiers with respect to weights.

Comparison with Existing Approaches: Comparison with Existing
Approaches: As shown in Table 3, our MINLP model outperformed greedy
heuristics and SLSQP-based nonlinear optimization, demonstrating superior performance: Greedy heuristic: 2.88% margin increase (Mgn Chd), SLSQP optimization: 3.71% margin increase and MINLP optimization: 4.5% margin increase.
While revenue was slightly lower, MINLP’s eﬃcient budget utilization makes it
a cost-eﬀective strategy.
4.4

What-If Scenarios: Strategic Insights

Impact of Cross-Elasticity Eﬀects: Including cross-elasticity eﬀects led to:
7.6% increase in revenue (Rev Chd) and 10.05% increase in margin (Table 4).
This highlights the model’s ability to strategically adjust discounts to optimize
category performance.
Budget and Target Adjustments: Budget variations signiﬁcantly inﬂuenced
item selection, revenue, and margin. Table 4 details the impact of diﬀerent
budget levels: Reducing total budget from 15,000 to 5,000: Revenue decrease:
.−1.85% and Margin decrease: .−1.83%. Increasing revenue and margin targets
.(R_tgt, M _tgt): 4.42% increase in both revenue and margin. Increase in targets
uses more budget and gives discount to the de-listed item having less target
values and produces higher revenue and margin.
Promotion Eﬀectiveness and Changes in Min-Max Price Discount
Bounds: Compared to discount from history, promotion using MINLP gives
0.84% increase in revenue and 4.5% increase in margin. (Table 5). In Table 5,
decreasing the max discount by 5% results in decrease of revenue and margin by
0.84% (Rev Chd %, Mgn Chd %) and increasing the max discount range by 5%
results in increase of revenue and margin by 9.2%.

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming
Table 3. Comparison with approaches:

301

Table 4. CE, Bgt, Tgt Eﬀects:

Method Mgn
Chd %
Tgt:20k

Rev
Chd %
Tgt:30k

Bgt
Used
%

Eﬀect

With CE

Greedy 2.88

4.42

89.3

SLSQP 3.71

5.23

89.99

Total
Budget
= 5000

MINLP 4.51

0.84

85.31

Rev
Chd%
Tgt:30k

Mgn
Chd%
Tgt:20k

Bgt
used %

7.6

10.05

85.31

.−1.85

.−1.83

93.94

4.42

90.04

R_tgt = 4k 4.42
M_tgt = 3k

Accounting for Hoarding Eﬀects: Hoarding occurs when customers bulk
purchase during promotions. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) showed signiﬁcant correlation between past three weeks’ prices and current sales. Incorporating
this factor improved demand forecasting accuracy by 2%, enhancing inventory
planning.
Business Rules in Promotion Planning: The model enforced predeﬁned
business constraints, including: Maximum promoted products at 11 and Mandatory inclusion of SKU P002. These constraints ensured operational alignment
while maintaining optimal ﬁnancial outcomes.
4.5

Forming New Bundles

Retailers often use product bundles to boost sales, targeting customer preferences
identiﬁed through historical sales data. We formed new bundles using Market
Basket Analysis on POS data to identify the top product combinations. One
example of a new bundle consisted of milk bundled in pairs with one or more units
of bread or eggs. We set the discounts as 2% higher than the sum of historical
discounts for the constituent products to make bundles more appealing. After the
inclusion of new bundles, one of the existing bundles got de-listed and four out of
ﬁve of the new bundles were listed. Considering new bundles improved revenue
by 21.32% and margin by 13.96% compared to without considering new bundles.
Higher revenue targets were achieved and low-performing bundles were excluded,
demonstrating the eﬃciency of this approach (see Table 5). We summarize the
key conclusions based on our work in the next section.
Table 5. Promotion Eﬀectiveness and New Bundles
Eﬀect

Rev Chd% Mgn Chd% Budget Used%

With Promo (Tgt: 30k, 20k, 15k)

0.84

4.5

89.9

Min-Max disc .−5% (Tgt: 30k, 20k)

.−0.84

.−0.84

-

Min-Max disc +5% (Tgt: 30k, 20k)

9.2

9.2

-

13.96

81.22

New Bundles (Tgt: 40k, 30k, Avl: 20k) 21.32

302

5

G. Uma Maheswari et al.

Conclusion

This study demonstrates the eﬀectiveness of Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) in optimizing retail promotion planning by addressing complex,
nonlinear factors such as cross-elasticity, bundle conﬂicts, hoarding behavior,
and budget constraints. Unlike conventional methods relying on linearization or
heuristics, MINLP directly models these nonlinear interactions, leading to superior performance in real-world retail scenarios. The framework outperformed
greedy heuristics and standard nonlinear solvers. It achieved a 4.5% margin
increase compared to historical discounts and with better budget utilization.
Additionally, incorporating new bundles led to a 21.32% revenue increase and
a 13.96% margin improvement, utilizing 81.22% of the allocated budget. The
MINLP approach is particularly suited for medium-scale retail settings involving
50–100 SKUs and bundles within a category, ensuring computational feasibility
while enabling optimal product selection, bundle conﬁgurations, and discount
strategies. The inclusion of what-if analyses enhances strategic decision-making,
allowing retailers to adapt to dynamic market conditions and improve negotiations with vendors. This research underscores the practical application of MINLP
in retail promotion planning and highlights its scalability. Future work could
extend this approach to larger-scale problems, real-time data integration, and
personalized promotions, as well as relaxing current assumptions to accommodate evolving retail strategies.
Acknowledgement. We thank Prabhat Kumar and Vinod Kumar – from TCS
Research for their help in reviewing the paper. This work was done during their course
of their internship here.
Disclosure of Interests. The authors have no competing interests.

References
1. Apm solver. https://apmonitor.com/wiki/index.php/Main/OptionApmSolver.
[APOPT]
2. Auer, J., Papies, D.: Cross-price elasticities and their determinants: a meta-analysis
and new empirical generalizations. J. Acad. Mark. Sci. 48(3), 584–605 (2019).
https://doi.org/10.1007/s11747-019-00642-0
3. Burman, V., et al.: Markdown pricing for a large scale retailer. In: 2021 IEEE
International Conference on Big Data (Big Data), pp. 1817–1826. IEEE (2021).
https://doi.org/10.1109/BigData52589.2021.9671641
4. Cohen, M.C., Kalas, J.J., Perakis, G.: Promotion optimization for multiple items in
supermarkets. Manage. Sci. 67.4(2), 2340–2364 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1287/
mnsc.2020.3641
5. Grewal, D., Ailawadi, K.L., Gauri, D., Hall, K., Kopalle, P., Robertson, J.R.: Innovations in retail pricing and promotions. J. Retail. 87, S43–S52 (2011). https://
doi.org/10.1016/j.jretai.2011.04.008
6. Huang, H.C., Xu, J., Lim, A.: Marketing mix optimisation with practical constraints. Int. J. Oper. Res. 51(1), 128–149 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1504/IJOR.
2024.141330

Optimizing Retail Promotions with Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming

303

7. Ma, S., Fildes, R.: A retail store SKU promotions optimization model for category
multi-period proﬁt maximization. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 260(2), 680–692 (2017)
8. Mohammadipour, F., Amiri, M., Vanani, I.R., Sooﬁ, J.B.: Promotion optimization
in competitive environments by considering the cannibalization eﬀect. Int. J. Ind.
Eng. 30(1) (2023). https://doi.org/10.23055/ijietap.2023.30.1.8297
9. Sethuraman, S., Ramanan, S., et al.: Spects: price elasticity computation model
using Thompson sampling. In: 2022 International Conference on Computational
Science and Computational Intelligence (CSCI), pp. 640–646. IEEE (2022).
https://doi.org/10.1109/CSCI58124.2022.00118
10. Shoham Aviv, Y.G., Akron, S.: Hoarding and frugality tendencies and their impact
on consumer behaviors. J. Int. Consum. Mark. 29(4), 208–222 (2017). https://doi.
org/10.1080/08961530.2017.1310646
11. Vashishtha, R.K., Burman, V., Kumar, R., Sethuraman, S., Sekar, A.R., Ramanan,
S.: Product age based demand forecast model for fashion retail. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2007.05278 (2020). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2007.05278

Solving the Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat
Network Design Problem
by a Deconstructive Heuristic Algorithm
José-Fernando Camacho-Vallejo(B) and José Emmanuel Gómez-Rocha
Tecnologico de Monterrey, Escuela de Ingeniería y Ciencias, Ave. Eugenio Garza Sada
2501 Sur, Monterrey, Nuevo León 64849, Mexico
fernando.camacho@tec.mx

Abstract. The transportation of hazardous materials (hazmat) poses
signiﬁcant risks to urban areas, necessitating careful planning to minimize potential exposure. This study addresses a variant of the Bilevel
Hazmat Network Design Problem, introducing an additional objective to
balance the usage of certain roads, thereby preventing the overexposure
of speciﬁc roads and zones within the city. The problem is mathematically formulated as a semivectorial bilevel optimization model, where the
leader’s objective seeks to minimize risk, and the follower optimizes two
objectives: minimizing transportation costs and balancing road usage. To
address the challenge of determining the follower’s optimal reaction to
the leader’s decisions, we obtain a Pareto front for the follower’s objectives. To simplify this process, we make a realistic assumption regarding
the follower’s response and propose a heuristic deconstructive algorithm
tailored to the problem’s complex structure. Computational experiments
are conducted on instances derived from real-life case study to evaluate
the performance of the proposed approach. The results demonstrate the
heuristic’s eﬀectiveness in designing low-risk networks based on the hazmat ﬂow determined by the follower. Additionally, managerial insights
are provided, emphasizing the approach’s practical applicability to urban
hazmat management.
Keywords: Hazmat Network Design · Bilevel Optimization ·
Semivectorial Optimization · Deconstructive Heuristic

1

Introduction

The transportation of hazardous materials (hazmat) in urban areas is essential
due to the regular generation and disposal of such substances by companies
across various industries. This topic has been clearly positionated in [10,11,
15, 20]. Most hazardous materials cannot be discharged into drainage systems
because of their detrimental impact on ecosystems. Simultaneously, companies
requiring hazmat for their operations must receive and transport these materials
via existing road networks, necessitating eﬃcient and safe logistics planning.
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 304–315, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_23

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

305

While the transportation of hazmat is essential, it inherently carries the risk
of accidents that could adversely impact surrounding urban areas. To address
this concern, local authorities can implement policies aimed at mitigating these
risks, such as enforcing stricter safety regulations, optimizing the network design
of the transportation system, among others (see [2]).
In this paper, we focus on a government authority tasked with optimizing
the network design of available roads for transporting hazmat. The objective
is to reduce risk while accounting for carriers as independent decision-makers
within a lower-level hierarchy. Based on the network design determined by the
government authority, the carriers seek to minimize the costs of their routes
while also aiming to balance road usage. This second objective helps prevent
congestion and potential disruptions in hazmat transportation.
This secondary objective, considered by the carriers, is often neglected in
studies addressing the hazmat transportation problem. However, we argue that
overlooking it may result in the overexposure of speciﬁc zones, posing risks to
both drivers and local inhabitants. Hence, we promote equitable risk distribution
over the transportation network. Additionally, to the best of our knowledge, this
objective has not been previously addressed when studying this type of problems.
To address the problem under study, we propose a bilevel programming model
in which the higher-level hierarchy corresponds to the government authority
(hereafter referred to as the leader), while the lower-level hierarchy comprises the
carriers (hereafter referred to as the followers). The leader determines which road
segments to habilitate within the transportation network, whereas the followers
select the routes to transport their commodities. As outlined above, the leader’s
objective is to minimize risk, while each follower simultaneously aims to minimize
routing costs and balance the usage of the roads traversed.
It is noteworthy that the resulting bilevel problem falls into the category of
semivectorial bilevel problems, as the follower addresses a bi-objective problem
(see [5,8]). This introduces additional technical complexities, as the concept of
an “optimal solution” diﬀers from that of traditional single-ob jective problems.
Further details will be provided later.
To solve the problem under study, we propose a novel heuristic algorithm
based on a deconstructive framework combined with a nested approach. Given
the nature of the problem and the interaction between the leader and the follower, we adopt the pessimistic approach for bilevel problems (see [13,19]) aiming to ﬁnd the pessimistic solution as deﬁned in [1]. Computational experiments
validate our proposal, demonstrating that the algorithm is an eﬀective tool for
addressing this complex problem.
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section 2 provides a brief
literature review of relevant bilevel optimization problems closely related to hazmat transportation. The semivectorial bilevel mathematical model is presented
in Sect. 3, followed by the development of the proposed algorithm in Sect. 4.
Section 5 discusses the computational experiments conducted and the results
obtained. Finally, Sect. 6 concludes the paper by highlighting key ﬁndings and
proposing directions for future research.

306

2

J.-F. Camacho-Vallejo and J. E. Gómez-Rocha

Literature Review

The hazmat transportation problem was ﬁrst modeled using a bilevel optimization approach in [12], where it was framed as a network design problem. Additionally, a path-based formulation was adopted for modeling the follower’s problem. By exploiting the structure of the resulting follower’s problem, a single-level
reformulation can be achieved using the KKT optimality conditions. Their approach was applied to a case study from Ontario, Canada, with 48 nodes, 57 arcs,
and 4 commodities. A similar network design approach was presented in [17],
where the same problem was studied, but alternative solutions that represent
a compromise between transportation risk and economic aspects for the leader
and the follower were obtained.
Another approach to studying this complex problem from a network design
perspective is proposed in [9]. The main diﬀerence lies in the fact that the followers do not adopt a path-based formulation but rather a ﬂow-based one. It is
important to emphasize that the model considered in our paper is based on the
bilevel formulation proposed in [9]. To solve the problem, they proposed a heuristic algorithm based on greedy solutions for each commodity and an overlapping
criterion to form the solutions. Numerical experimentation was conducted using
a case study from Ravenna, Italy, involving 105 nodes, 134 edges, and 5 commodities.
It is evident that a network design approach is suitable for modeling this
problem. Nevertheless, it can also be analyzed under a toll optimization approach. In this framework, the government authority imposes diﬀerent tolls on
certain arcs in the network, requiring carriers to decide whether to use the tolled
arcs by paying the toll. This scheme is considered in [7], where the follower’s
problem employs a path-based formulation, which is exploited in the constructive heuristic algorithm. Following the same approach, [21] uses tolls to minimize
risk; however, the followers are interdependent, and their user equilibrium must
be determined to ensure feasible bilevel solutions. A simulated annealing algorithm is developed for the leader’s solutions, while a diagonalization algorithm
is implemented to address the variational inequalities that arise in the followers’
problem. A case study from northern China is used, consisting of 18 arcs and a
single commodity.
Recently, another variant of the bilevel hazmat problem was studied in [18],
where a robust bilevel optimization model is proposed. The overall structure
remains the same: the leader addresses a network design problem and aims to
minimize risk, while the follower selects paths that minimize costs. However, the
novelty lies in considering the probability of accidents occurring on diﬀerent arcs.
The authors propose a single-level reformulation by leveraging the primal and
dual optimality conditions. Their approach is tested on a case study involving
Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei, China, with 13 nodes, 42 arcs, and 2 commodities.
As evident from the previously cited references, in all cases, the leader aims
to minimize the risk associated with the transportation decisions made by the
followers. However, in [3], a biobjective version of the hazmat bilevel problem
is studied. In addition to considering risk, the leader also seeks to minimize

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

307

the imposed tolls. Similar to previous studies, the followers aim to traverse the
cheapest routes. Due to the nature of this problem, a Pareto front was provided
as the leader’s solution, obtained using a particle swarm optimization algorithm.
A case study involving 19 nodes, 31 arcs, and 37 commodities, set in the southern
United States, is analyzed.
It is important to highlight that a biobjective bilevel problem is distinct
from a semivectorial bilevel problem. In the former, a Pareto front is obtained
as the solution to the problem, where the follower’s optimal reaction can also
be determined. In the latter, solving the problem involves obtaining a unique
leader’s solution, while a Pareto front represents the follower’s reaction. Certain
assumptions must then be made to select one solution from the follower’s Pareto
front. For more details, the reader is referred to [14]. To the best of the authors’
knowledge, this is the ﬁrst paper where a semivectorial bilevel approach is applied
to a variant of the hazmat problem.

3

Mathematical Formulation

The network design problem for the transportation of hazmat is deﬁned on a
directed graph .G = (N, A), where .N is the set of nodes and .A is the set of arcs in
the graph. In the context of our problem, a node corresponds to an intersection
of two or more roads, while an arc represents an enabled road segment of the
transportation network. We consider a multi-commodity problem, which requires
all commodities in .K to be transported from their respective origins to their
destinations. Speciﬁcally, each commodity .k ∈ K is associated with an origindestination pair .(o(k), d(k)). We assume that both origins and destinations are
intersections (nodes) of the network, meaning .o(k), d(k) ∈ N . The number of
shipments to be transported for each commodity .k ∈ K is denoted by .sk .
When a shipment of commodity .k ∈ K is transported through an arc .a =
k
, which depends on the population that may be
(i, j) ∈ A, it incurs a risk .rij
aﬀected in the event of an accident. Similarly, there is a transportation cost .ckij
associated with each commodity .k ∈ K and each arc .(i, j) ∈ A.
Decision variables can be partitioned into the leader’s and follower’s variables.
The leader’s binary variable .yij denotes the habilitation or construction of arc
.(i, j) ∈ A and .(j, i) ∈ A in the network.
On the other hand, deﬁne .xkij as the follower’s binary decision variable, which
indicates whether commodity .k ∈ K is transported through the arc .(i, j) ∈ A
(.xkij = 1), or not (.xkij = 0).
To assist with the notation, for each commodity .k ∈ K, let us deﬁne the
auxiliary parameter .bk (i), which helps with the ﬂow balance at node .i ∈ N , as
follows:
⎧
⎪
⎨−1 if node i is the origin, i = o(k)
k
.b (i) =
(1)
1
if node i is the destination, i = d(k)
⎪
⎩
0
otherwise

308

J.-F. Camacho-Vallejo and J. E. Gómez-Rocha

Additionally, let us deﬁne two auxiliary variables, .U and .L, which serve
to compute the maximum and minimum number of times that an arc is used,
respectively.
The resulting semivectorial bilevel model is presented below:
.

s.t

k k
sk rij
xij

min
y

(2)

k∈K (i,j)∈A

yij = yji ,

∀(i, j) ∈ A (3)
∀(i, j) ∈ A (4)

yij ∈ {0, 1},
sk ckij xkij , U − L

x ∈ arg min

(5)

k∈K (i,j)∈A

xkij −

s.t.
i∈N

xkji = bk (j),

∀j ∈ N, k ∈ K (6)

(i∈N

xkij ≤ yij ,
U≥

∀(i, j) ∈ A, k ∈ K (7)

xkij ,

∀(i, j) ∈ A (8)

xkij + |K|(1 − yij ),

∀(i, j) ∈ A (9)

k∈K

L≤
k∈K

xkij ∈ {0, 1}.

∀(i, j) ∈ A, k ∈ K.
(10)

Expression (2) reﬂects the leader’s objective to minimize the risk associated
with hazmat transportation. Constraints (3) indicate that if arc .(i, j) is habilitated, then arc .(j, i) will also be available. The binary nature of the leader’s
decision variables is denoted in (4). Expression (5) indicates that the follower’s
variables must be the optimal solution of another optimization problem. Speciﬁcally, in the problem under study, the follower considers a bi-objective problem.
The ﬁrst objective function aims to minimize the cost of transporting hazmat
from their origin to their destination, while the second aims to balance the
usage of the available arcs in the network. In other words, congestion or overuse
of some arcs is avoided. Equations (6) ensure ﬂow conservation in the network.
Constraints (7) guarantee that hazmat are transported only by available arcs.
Constraints (8) help count the maximum number of commodities using an arc,
while constraints (9) help identify the minimum number of commodities using
an arc in the network. Finally, (10) indicates the binary nature of the follower’s
variables.
3.1

Characteristics of the Semivectorial Bilevel Problem
and Assumptions

A key characteristic of the semivectorial bilevel programming model deﬁned by
equations (2)–(10) is that, although multiple followers are considered, each follower addresses their own independent routing problem. It is important to note

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

309

that congestion is not taken into account; instead, the balance in the use of
enabled road segments is treated as a distinct concept. Consequently, the followers’ problems can be aggregated into a single equivalent problem encompassing
all followers, as demonstrated by [6]. Therefore, we will refer to a single follower
rather than the aggregated problem representing all followers.
Another important aspect worth highlighting is that a feasible solution to a
bilevel problem consists of a feasible solution for the leader and the corresponding
optimal response from the follower to that leader’s solution [16]. However, in
this speciﬁc problem, the follower’s problem is biobjective. This means that,
in general, the follower’s response consists of multiple non-dominated solutions
that form the Pareto front associated with the leader’s decision. While these
non-dominated solutions are mathematically equivalent in terms of optimality,
each may have a signiﬁcantly diﬀerent impact on the leader’s objective function.
Naturally, certain assumptions must be made before solving the problem. We
will focus on ﬁnding the pessimistic solution, which resembles a non-cooperative
scenario. Speciﬁcally, if the leader proposes a network design and the follower has
multiple non-dominated solutions in the corresponding Pareto front, the follower
is not obligated to select routes that minimize the risk (the leader’s objective).
Since cooperation is not deemed reasonable for this particular problem, the pessimistic solution is sought, which corresponds to the non-dominated solution for
the follower that leads to the highest risk.
Therefore, the pessimistic solution consists of the pair (.x, .y p ), where .x is a
feasible partial solution for the leader and .y p is the pessimistic follower’s response
from the associated Pareto front. The solution (.x, .y p ) that yields the minimum
risk is selected as the optimal solution for this problem under the pessimistic
approach. In other words, it is the best solution among the worst ones.
Finally, another important and reasonable assumption is that the leader’s
solution must ensure the creation of feasible routes for the follower. If it is not
possible to construct a route for any commodity, the network design proposed by
the leader is deemed infeasible and should not be considered. This assumption
aligns with the concepts outlined by [4], where it is emphasized that the follower
must have some capacity to respond to the leader’s decision.

4

A Nested Deconstructive Heuristic Algorithm

In this section, we detail all the phases involved in the proposed algorithm.
Recall that we are addressing a semivectorial bilevel problem. Consequently,
the algorithm proceeds as follows: ﬁrst, a feasible solution for the problem is
created. That is, the leader proposes a network design; and then, the follower
identiﬁes the corresponding Pareto front and selects the pessimistic solution;
now, the leader’s objective function value (risk) is computed; second, a greedy
deconstructive procedure is applied to reduce the size of the network; and third,
an intensiﬁcation phase is applied to improve the current solution. This threephase algorithmic scheme is repeated until a predeﬁned stopping criterion is
met.

310

J.-F. Camacho-Vallejo and J. E. Gómez-Rocha

4.1

Initializing a Feasible Bilevel Solution

In this section, we describe the manner in which feasible semivectorial bilevel
solutions are obtained. To achieve this, three steps are followed: creating the
leader’s solutions, obtaining the pessimistic follower’s reaction, and computing
the leader’s objective function value.
Constructing Leader’s Solutions. Since we are addressing a multicommodity problem, where each commodity may be associated with independent followers, a constructive procedure would provide limited insight into the
solution under construction until it is fully completed. Therefore, we opted to
start with the complete network, enabling all possible road segments. This initial
conﬁguration serves as the leader’s ﬁrst solution (.y C ).
Obtaining the Follower’s Pessimistic Reaction. Once the initial network
design is decided, the follower’s problem is solved. That means, the Pareto front
associated to .y C is obtained via the well-known .ε-constraint method.
Let us focus on the follower’s problem (5)–(10), parameterized by .y C . The
ﬁrst objective function in equation (5) is associated with the cost of transporting
hazmat, while the second objective aims to balance the usage of road segments to
prevent excessive exposure for inhabitants near those roads. This second objective function is deﬁned as the diﬀerence between the maximum and minimum
number of times all commodities use a speciﬁc arc. It is important to note that
this objective function ranges between 0 and .|K|, corresponding to a perfectly
balanced network and a scenario where all commodities are transported through
the same arc, respectively. Consequently, this second objective function is treated
as a constraint within the .ε-constraint method.
The single-objective problem iteratively solved for diﬀerent values of .ε is the
following:
.

sk ckij xkij +

min
x

s.t.

k∈K (i,j)∈A

U −L
bigM

(11)

U − L ≥ ε,
xkij −
i∈N

(12)
xkji = bk (j),

∀j ∈ N, k ∈ K

(13)

(i∈N
C
,
xkij ≤ yij

U≥

∀(i, j) ∈ A, k ∈ K

(14)

xkij ,

∀(i, j) ∈ A

(15)

xkij + |K|(1 − yij ),

∀(i, j) ∈ A

(16)

∀(i, j) ∈ A, k ∈ K.

(17)

k∈K

L≤

k∈K
xkij ∈ {0, 1},

The problem deﬁned by (11)–(17) is iteratively solved using the implemented
ε-constraint method. It is important to note that the small perturbation included

.

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

311

in the second term of equation (11) ensures that only non-dominated solutions
are obtained, excluding weakly non-dominated ones. The term bigM refers to a
suﬃciently large positive value. Furthermore, equation (12) serves as the core of
this method.
By implementing this .ε-constraint method, the corresponding follower’s
Pareto front is obtained for that leader’s decision .y C , that is .ParetoFront(y C ).
The pessimistic solution .xp is selected as the follower’s response. Speciﬁcally:
xp ∈ arg max (2) : x ∈ ParetoFront(y C )

.

(18)

Evaluating the Leader’s Solution. Once a leader’s solution (.y C ) and the
corresponding follower’s response (.xp ) are known, the leader’s objective function
can be computed. Recall that the aim is to minimize the risk associated with
the designed network and its usage when transporting the commodities.
To simplify the notation, let us deﬁne the leader’s objective function
expressed in equation (2) as .L(y, x), and in this case, we are evaluating .L(y C , xp ).
4.2

A Greedy Deconstructive Procedure

First, we need to consider that we are dealing with a complete network, meaning
that all the arcs are habilitated. The greedy deconstructive procedure begins by
identifying the arc with the highest risk for each commodity, which is then eliminated from the network only if there exists an alternative route for transporting
that speciﬁc commodity. This procedure is carried out for each commodity.
Once the minimal network is deconstructed in a greedy fashion (.y G ), the
follower’s pessimistic response (.xp ) must be obtained by following the procedure
described above. Finally, the leader’s objective function is evaluated, that is,
G
p
.L(y , x ) is computed.
The aim of this deconstructive procedure is to reduce the size of the network
while minimizing the risk associated with hazmat transportation.
4.3

Improvement of the Feasible Semivectorial Bilevel Solution

This phase aims to enhance the currently created solution (.y G , xp ). The proposed procedure consists of selecting a predeﬁned number of habilitated arcs (.γ)
and replacing them with .γ non-habilitated arcs. By doing this exploration, we
maintain a minimal network.
As expected, the assumption that at least one route must exist for each
commodity may be violated under this scheme. In such cases, the neighboring
solution is discarded. Otherwise, the pessimistic follower’s response is obtained
by implementing the .ε-constraint method explained above. This particular characteristic adds the “nested” term to the algorithm’s description.
Certainly, diﬀerent neighborhoods may be explored to reduce infeasibility or
to repair these infeasible network designs. However, this is beyond the scope of
this study. Our goal is to ﬁnd a new network design (.y N ) that yields a lower
risk, that is, .L(y N , xp ) < L(y G , xp ).

312

J.-F. Camacho-Vallejo and J. E. Gómez-Rocha

To add diversity, the greedy deconstructive procedure is repeated, but with
the order in which the commodities are considered for reducing the size of the
network varied. Then, the improvement phase is also repeated. The complete
cycles of the proposed heuristic algorithm are repeated until a maximum number
of iterations without improvement is reached.

5

Computational Experimentation

To validate the proposed heuristic algorithm, we consider the most recent case
study addressing the hazmat transportation problem, presented in [18]. The case
study involves 13 nodes, 42 arcs, and 2 commodities. To further demonstrate the
robustness of our proposed algorithm, we extended the number of commodities
to 5, 10, 15, and 20.
The computational environment consists of a personal computer equipped
with an Intel R CoreTM i7-11370H @ 3.30 GHz processor and 32 GB of RAM
memory. The algorithm was implemented in Python 3.10 and the .ε-constraint
method used Gurobi 12.0.
After preliminary experimentation, the parameters of the heuristic algorithm are set to .γ = 2, meaning that two habilitated arcs are replaced by two
non-habilitated arcs. Additionally, the maximum number of iterations without
improvement is set to .M axIter = 10.
The obtained results are shown in Table 1. The ﬁrst column indicates the label
of the instance (derived from the case study), the next three columns deﬁne the
size of the instance. The ﬁfth column reports the minimum leader’s risk obtained
by the pessimistic solution. The last column indicates the computational time
required to solve the problem in seconds. It is important to highlight that the risk
values reported in Table 1 correspond to the pessimistic solution in the context
of semivectorial bilevel problems. While other solutions may yield diﬀerent risk
values, we consider the pessimistic approach to be more appropriate for this
problem. To illustrate the evolution of risk within the algorithm, Fig. 1 presents
the leader’s risk obtained at each iteration when solving instance case-study5.
Table 1. Summary of the results obtained from the tested instances.
Instance

.|N |.|A|.|K| Pessimistic Solution Time (sec)

case-study1 13 42 2

155,577.58

0.44

case-study2 13 42 5

1,121,203.44

1.17

case-study3 13 42 10 3,263,331.04

3.57

case-study4 13 42 15 4,645,126.56

7.53

case-study5 13 42 20 6,797,386.53

12.42

Analyzing the solution identiﬁed as the best, we observe that the algorithm
naturally prohibits the use of nodes with the highest population, as well as

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

313

Fig. 1. Illustrating the evolution of the leader’s risk in the heuristic algorithm.

the arcs connecting them, which consequently increases the risk. Moreover, the
followers tend to prefer cheaper arcs, leading to their overuse. As a result, the
leader aims to ﬁnd the best compromise among these objectives.

6

Conclusions and Further Research Directions

In this paper, we study a variant of the well-known bilevel hazmat transportation
problem. As is typical, the leader determines the network design with the objective of minimizing the risk associated with the routes chosen by the follower.
The follower, in turn, is responsible for shipping commodities and deciding on
the routes to optimize both costs and the network’s usage balance. This additional feature transforms the problem into a semivectorial bilevel one, further
increasing its complexity, as the follower’s optimal response involves selecting a
solution from the corresponding Pareto front for a given leader’s decision.
Based on the relationship between the decision-makers in this problem, we
adopt the optimistic approach and develop a nested deconstructive heuristic
algorithm to obtain extreme pessimistic solutions. We apply our proposed algorithm to a real case study and test it on various instances. The results demonstrate that our algorithm eﬃciently solves the problem.
Future research directions include exploring alternative solutions such as optimistic, rewarding, deceiving, best compromise, or neutral, which are based on
diﬀerent assumptions and aim to capture varying follower behaviors. Additionally, the computational experimentation could be improved by incorporating a
wider range of synthetic and real-world instances to further validate the applicability of the proposed algorithm.
Disclosure of Interests. The authors have no competing interests to declare that
are relevant to the content of this article.

314

J.-F. Camacho-Vallejo and J. E. Gómez-Rocha

References
1. Alves, M.J., Antunes, C.H.: A semivectorial bilevel programming approach to optimize electricity dynamic time-of-use retail pricing. Comput. Oper. Res. 92, 130–144
(2018)
2. Amaldi, E., Bruglieri, M., Fortz, B.: On the hazmat transport network design
problem. In: Pahl, J., Reiners, T., Voß, S. (eds.) INOC 2011. LNCS, vol. 6701, pp.
327–338. Springer, Heidelberg (2011). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-215278_38
3. Assadipour, G., Ke, G.Y., Verma, M.: A toll-based bi-level programming approach
to managing hazardous materials shipments over an intermodal transportation
network. Transp. Res. Part D: Transp. Environ. 47, 208–221 (2016)
4. Bard, J.F.: Practical Bilevel Optimization: Algorithms and Applications, vol. 30.
Springer, Cham (2013)
5. Bonnel, H., Morgan, J.: Semivectorial bilevel optimization problem: penalty approach. J. Optim. Theory Appl. 131, 365–382 (2006)
6. Calvete, H.I., Galé, C.: Linear bilevel multi-follower programming with independent followers. J. Global Optim. 39, 409–417 (2007)
7. Camacho Vallejo, J.F., Muñoz Sánchez, R.: A path based algorithm for solve
the hazardous materials transportation bilevel problem. Appl. Mech. Mater. 253,
1082–1088 (2013)
8. Dempe, S., Gadhi, N., Zemkoho, A.B.: New optimality conditions for the semivectorial bilevel optimization problem. J. Optim. Theory Appl. 157, 54–74 (2013)
9. Erkut, E., Gzara, F.: Solving the hazmat transport network design problem. Comput. Oper. Res. 35(7), 2234–2247 (2008)
10. Erkut, E., Tjandra, S.A., Verter, V.: Hazardous materials transportation. Handb.
Oper. Res. Manage. Sci. 14, 539–621 (2007)
11. Holeczek, N.: Hazardous materials truck transportation problems: a classiﬁcation
and state of the art literature review. Transp. Res. Part D: Transp. Environ. 69,
305–328 (2019)
12. Kara, B.Y., Verter, V.: Designing a road network for hazardous materials transportation. Transp. Sci. 38(2), 188–196 (2004)
13. Liu, J., Fan, Y., Chen, Z., Zheng, Y.: Pessimistic bilevel optimization: a survey.
Int. J. Comput. Intell. Syst. 11(1), 725–736 (2018)
14. Mejía-De-Dios, J.A., Rodríguez-Molina, A., Mezura-Montes, E.: Multiobjective
bilevel optimization: a survey of the state-of-the-art. IEEE Trans. Syst. Man,
Cybern. Syst. 53(9), 5478–5490 (2023)
15. Mohri, S.S., Mohammadi, M., Gendreau, M., Pirayesh, A., Ghasemaghaei, A.,
Salehi, V.: Hazardous material transportation problems: a comprehensive overview
of models and solution approaches. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 302(1), 1–38 (2022)
16. Talbi, E.G.: A taxonomy of metaheuristics for bi-level optimization. In: Metaheuristics for Bi-level Optimization, pp. 1–39. Springer, Cham (2013)
17. Verter, V., Kara, B.Y.: A path-based approach for hazmat transport network
design. Manage. Sci. 54(1), 29–40 (2008)
18. Wang, J., Bai, X., Liu, Y.: Globalized robust bilevel optimization model for hazmat
transport network design considering reliability. Reliab. Eng. Syst. Saf. 239, 109484
(2023)
19. Wiesemann, W., Tsoukalas, A., Kleniati, P.M., Rustem, B.: Pessimistic bilevel
optimization. SIAM J. Optim. 23(1), 353–380 (2013)

Semivectorial Bilevel Hazmat Network Design

315

20. Yılmaz, Z., Erol, S., Aplak, H.S.: Transportation of hazardous materials (hazmat)
a literature survey. Pamukkale Üniversitesi Mühendislik Bilimleri Dergisi 22(1),
39–53 (2016)
21. Zhang, L., Feng, X., Chen, D., Zhu, N., Liu, Y.: Designing a hazardous materials
transportation network by a bi-level programming based on toll policies. XXPhys.
A 534, 122324 (2019)

Applications in Industry, Energy
and Supply Chain

Optimizing and Reducing Changeover Time
to Enhance Line Balancing in Industrial
Injection Processes
Yasmine El Belghiti1,2(B)

, Abdelfattah Mouloud1,2
and Aziz Soulhi2

, Mehdi El Bouchti1 ,

1 ESITH Higher School of Textile and Clothing Industries, Casablanca, Morocco

Yasmine.elbelghiti@esith.net
2 ENSMR National Higher School of Mines of Rabat, Rabat, Morocco

Abstract. The purpose of this paper is to propose a comprehensive methodology
for reducing mold changeover time in the plastic injection molding industry by
using Lean Manufacturing tools, the approach, and SMED techniques enhanced
with artificial intelligence (AI) for decision- making and optimization.
First, we will identify the problem using the 5-Why tool. The measurement
phase involves the collection of data using time studies and computer-aided design
(CAD) to identify failures. In the analysis phase, we will try to address critical
tasks and support our analysis with Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA).
The innovate phase enables us to improve the sequence of external and internal
tasks, using real-time data to adjust the process. In addition, the methodology
helped to balance the production line by redistributing tasks and reducing bottlenecks, hence improving flow and reducing downtime.
Application of this approach not only reduced mold changeover time by 65%,
but also improved the overall balance of the production line, therefore boosting
productivity and operational efficiency. The control phase led to standardize these
improvements, re-establish a continuous process improvement cycle, and establish
a sustainable line balance.
Furthermore, continuous improvement is ensured through standardized control mechanisms powered by fuzzy decision systems, thus establishing sustainable
and optimized line balancing.
Keywords: Artificial intelligence · Line balancing · Injection Processes ·
DMAIC · SMED

1 Introduction
In the highly competitive landscape of modern manufacturing, optimizing operational
efficiency and productivity is essential for sustaining profitability and securing a competitive advantage [1]. The plastic injection molding technology is essential in the automotive sector but is under constant pressure regarding the prolonged mold changeover
times (MCT). An extended MCT is bound to a great deal of hours of machine downtime,
production being interrupted, and a corresponding reduction in overall efficiency, thus
necessitating some innovative strategies towards reducing the MCT [2].
© The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 319–328, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_24

320

Y. E. Belghiti et al.

This study will address the issue of reducing MCT in plastic injection molding, integrating the methodology of SMED into the Lean Manufacturing framework. The research
adopts the DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, Control)-driven approach to
systematically identify inefficiencies, eliminate non-value-adding activities, and implement targeted improvements [3, 4]. The fuzzy logic augments Hot Request to improve
flexibility and nearby decision-making via a predictive layer that models the uncertainty
of situations that may arise in a factory setting. Using real-time data, fuzzy logic allows
for dynamic process optimization and improves general responsiveness across systems
[5].
The methodology combines Value Stream Mapping (VSM), time-motion study, and
statistical tools in recognizing the bottlenecks and building the structured intervention
on these issues [6]. By transferring this time-consuming task from internal to external
scope, for instance, through the standardization of processes, this method will lead to a
significant reduction in changeover time and improvement of Process Cycle Efficiency
(PCE). The research develops a fuzzy controller for scheduling and equipment utilization
for improved flexibility of a more adaptive and resilient production system [7].
The results of this study indicate successful integration of Lean Manufacturing and
intelligent decision-support systems, resulting in significant reduction of MCT, enhanced
production line balance, and long-term operational benefits. The amalgamation of lean
tools with fuzzy logic offers great potential of data-driven approaches towards modern
manufacturing-a route towards flexible and intelligent production [8].
Fuzzy logic is proving to be a useful tool when dealing with several complex problems
that point conventional decision-making systems to their limit. It was applicable to six
sigma as fuzzy logic characterizes the uncertainty and imprecision reflecting operating
data. In a predictive situation, fuzzy logic uniquely allows performance and change
requirements to be predicted from linguistic variables and nonlinear interactions that
are difficult to express through standard mathematical methods. This opens doors to
practical solutions that can withstand uncertainty and versatility in an industrial context.

2 Experimental Design and Approach
In this research project, a Lean Six Sigma framework that utilizes the DMAIC methodology is used to reduce molded changeover times from plastic injection molding. DMAIC
enables a structured approach for operational improvement that incorporates identifying
bottlenecks and non-value-adding activities [9].
The Define stage engaged setting key objectives related to the reducing mold-change
time for productivity and flexibility. Measure involves collecting some baseline data
of mold-change times and machine downtime with techniques such as time-motion
studies. The Analyze phase uses some tools, such as the Fishbone and Value Stream
Mapping, to determine the root cause of inefficiencies, especially in tooling preparation
and scheduling [10, 11].
The Improve phase delivers a solution that is targeted toward root causes that will
allow a smoother flow, better line balance, and decrease in variations and interruptions.
Control calls for generalization of these improvements, leveraging artificial intelligence
and fuzzy logic to monitor and continually optimize these processes [12, 13].

Optimizing Mold Changeover Times in the Automotive Injection Industry

321

Fig. 1. Fuzzy Inference Process

3 Results and Interpretations
3.1 Implementation of Lean Tools in the Mold Change Process
Post this implementation, the improvement phase will focus on reducing the time taken
for mold changeover and to fix process inefficiencies thereafter. Some of the key methods
employed to achieve drastic reductions in changeover times while enhancing overall
productivity are SDMED and the 5S technique [3, 14].
Implementation of SMED
A detailed analysis of the mold changeover process was conducted through time measurement and process flow evaluations. The SMED (Single-Minute Exchange of Die)
methodology was implemented to categorize tasks into value-added and non-valueadded activities. Steps that contributed to delays or resource waste were identified for
removal. Meanwhile, value-added tasks were further classified into internal (performed
while the machine is idle) and external (carried out while the machine is operational).
The objective was to reduce internal activities by converting as many as possible into
external ones, thereby minimizing downtime and eliminating inefficiencies [15].
The equipment operators went through special training programs to equip them with
satisfactory mold change-over procedures and minimize production stoppages. This
step-by-step changeover process was put in writing in a standard operating procedure so
that it is guaranteed uniform, and less variation of performance occurred. Also, workforce development could be based on Total Productive Maintenance, training operators
in relevant skills for preventive and corrective maintenance. Such an approach reduced
downtimes for equipment and stabilized production flow.
Implementation of the 5S Methodology
The 5S methodology was applied in this study to address recurring machine stoppages
and disorganized work areas that contributed to operational inefficiencies [16].
This approach follows five structured steps:
• Sort: Discernment among necessary and unnecessary tools, materials, and instructions has allies in an organized and efficient disposition of the workspace.

322

Y. E. Belghiti et al.

• Set in Order: Systematically arrange essential tools and equipment to ensure quick
access and minimize search time.
• Shine: Maintain a clean and inspected work environment to prevent hazards and
ensure seamless production.
• Standardize: Determine a uniform procedure for the changeover of molds to assure
uniformity in task execution.
• Sustain: Routinely audit and heighten the standards of compliance to maintain a neat
and orderly workspace.
Improved VSM for Mold Change Operations
The implementation of Lean tools did, however, show many concrete results concerning
the VSM of the mold change process: an increase in value-added time and an 86.72%
decrease in non-value-added time. The new VSM is shown in Fig. 1.

Fig. 2. Improved value stream of the assembly operation.

With the considerable improvement in the non-value-added time, it is now possible
to carry out a mold change procedure with more efficient and productive speeds being
adopted. Besides, robots were introduced into the molding processes, thus reducing
human operations’ necessity by 40%, improved speed, precision, and consistency. This
further led to shorter cycle times and reduced defects.
3.2 Future PCE of the Mold Change Process
The benchmarks of minimum 25% for Process Cycle Efficiency have been exceeded,
thanks to the adoption of Lean principles. Initially it stood at 27.50%, and later it was
recorded at overwhelming rate of 72.50%, an overall improvement of 45.5% [17]. It
is significant in this regard to consider that a combination of optimal use of resources
and elimination of waste has brought forth a 46.8% improvement in PCE. Also, there
is a 27.9% cut-off lead time as compared to the first baseline. An evident proof of an
effective application of Lean tools, the reduction of process time with the enhancement
of operational efficiency [18].
The control phase focused on maintaining performance improvements by continuously monitoring quality and measuring system output against predefined bench- marks.

Optimizing Mold Changeover Times in the Automotive Injection Industry

323

Effective tracking mechanisms were implemented to detect deviations from set standards promptly. To safeguard these improvements, a Standardized Work Plan (SWP)
was developed to formalize procedures, particularly for mold assembly and component
integration.
Additionally, a structured document review process was established under the compliance team’s supervision to ensure traceability and support the ongoing enhancement
of operational practices. Regular training and refresher sessions were also conducted for
operators, reinforcing continuous improvement methodologies such as 5S and SMED,
integrating these principles into daily operations.
Control charts were used to ensure process stability by analyzing variations in the
duration of mold changeovers to other desired limits. All of these together enhance the
integration of Lean Six Sigma tools leading to a subsequent reduction of changeover
times and improved reliability of the processes involved [9, 10, 19].
3.3 Standardization and Continuous Optimization with Fuzzy Logic
In the Improve phase, any improvements implemented should be standardized and monitored to ensure stability throughout the years. Traditional monitoring systems deploy
fixed thresholds, which may not efficiently handle variations that arise when mold
changeovers occur. As a solution to this challenge, a fuzzy logic SMED model coupled with an adaptive and intelligent decision-making process was developed to tackle
the evolving dynamics of the environment of production [20].
• Implementation of the Fuzzy SMED Model
The fuzzy logic system aids decision-making through selected factors influencing
mold changeover durations. These factors include the mold size small, medium, or
large; how well the robots adapt fully or partially; and complexity of the mold simple or
complex.
At the starting point, all input variables are continuous membership functions, providing for a smoother shift between categories instead of being expressed as firm classifications. Based on the input applied, fuzzy rules would then be assessed by the machine,
providing the expected changeover time as short, medium, or long. This is intended to
be an operational decision support, with a view to optimizing the mold changeover time
through lowering the effort required for adaptation.
• Fuzzy-Based Decision Support for SMED
The fuzzy inference rule base is constructed based on both expert knowledge and
historical production data.
When small, the robotic arm is optimized fully, and the design has a low level of
complexity associated with it allowing short changeover time and basically all other
features related to faster molds.
But as the mold grows large, the robot hand will be faced with a lot of challenges to
adapt to the changes its design has to undergo, causing it to take quite a long changeover
time.
Conditions on the mid-range, however, are evaluated using flexible methods instead
of rigid, fixed classifications.

324

Y. E. Belghiti et al.

The adaptive aspect of this system ensures that all the components contributing to
error in actual production environments will be considered in the standardization phase.
As a result, it will be possible to obtain more realistic predictions of changeover time,
which greatly enhances the system’s responsiveness to change in process.
• Control System Integration
The prominent operations done during the fuzzy control system’s implementation
are:
– Mold changeover times are monitored with fuzzy logic to detect variations early, and
this information can be used to mitigate potential production bottlenecks.
– There is live visual monitoring of mold changeover performance through integration
with monitoring systems such as Qi Macros in Excel.
– The system assures operator feedback, assisting decision-making adjustments in relevant variables and thereby preventing problems from escalating or rising, avoiding
delays.
– Benefits of the Fuzzy SMED Model
Some advantages of fuzzy logic in the Control phase are:
– Adaptive Decisions: In real time, performance is used to make the decision as to
whether a mold changeover was acceptable based on ongoing changes in the process
and not on set time for targets.
– Real-Time Monitoring: The extremely fast identification of inefficient activities,
which enables the organization to address issues before they disrupt the operations.
– Sustainable Changes: The continuous analysis of changeover activities allows the
system to quickly highlight inefficiencies and address the root causes.
Use your confidence, fuzzy logic combines with SMED in the Control phase to
solidify improvements while continuously adjusting to real-time production floor data,
this gives way for enhancement in decision-making, reducing variability in operations,
and ensuring the mold changeover process continually runs efficiently.

Fig. 3. Output variable “time change”.

Optimizing Mold Changeover Times in the Automotive Injection Industry

325

3.4 Interpretation of Results
The membership curves of fuzzy logic presented in Fig. 2 give a very clear idea of how
this system acts upon the input and output variables to support decision-making. The
input variables are size classification, with the choice of small, medium, or large; robot
hand adaptation, defined as adapted or unsuitable; and mold complexity is classified
as simple or not. These membership functions allow smooth transitions between categories, taking into consideration the uncertainties and variations typical to manufacturing
environments.
Figure 2 gives representation to the output variable that pertains to changeover time
which is divided into short, medium, and long durations. By suitably combining these
input variables with fuzzy inference rules, the framework is able to provide an adaptive
and flexible prediction for changeover time. This in turn permits better estimations of
setup time and contributes to improvements in the efficiencies of process flow. Figures 3
and 4 demonstrate how some of the key factors affect mold changeover time.

Fig. 4. Surface Visualization of Mold Size, Adaptation, and Changeover Time.

The analysis reveals a strong correlation between mold size and the adaptability
of robotic handling systems. Specifically, larger molds combined with insufficiently
adapted robotic arms tend to result in significantly longer changeover durations. This is
further compounded by mold complexity, where intricate geometries and configurations
necessitate additional adjustments, thereby extending the setup time. The cumulative
effect of these variables underscores the importance of considering both physical and
operational constraints in changeover optimization.
Moreover, the study highlights the critical role of robotic adaptability in mitigating
these delays. Enhanced robotic flexibility—particularly in systems capable of adjusting to varying mold sizes and complexities—demonstrates a measurable reduction in
changeover time, even under challenging conditions. The 3D surface visualizations provide a comprehensive view of these interactions, illustrating how fuzzy logic effectively
models the nonlinear relationships between key parameters.
This hybrid approach, combining SMED with fuzzy inference systems, proves especially valuable for production line balancing. By dynamically adjusting to real-time
input variables and uncertainties, the system ensures a more even distribution of tasks
and resources across the line. This leads to reduced idle time, improved synchronization between operations, and a more resilient production flow. Ultimately, the integration of intelligent decision-making into traditional Lean tools offers a scalable and
adaptive solution for achieving sustainable line balancing in complex manufacturing
environments.

326

Y. E. Belghiti et al.

4 Value of Line Balancing Through the Proposed Methodology
This methodology demonstrates a strong capacity to improve the balance of production lines significantly. In this study, tasks were carefully examined and restructured
using Lean Six Sigma tools in combination with fuzzy logic. This strategic approach
effectively reduces bottlenecks and promotes a more balanced and efficient allocation
of workloads. As a result, idle times and resource inefficiencies are minimized, while
operational coordination is enhanced, leading to smoother process flows and increased
productivity. The integration of real-time data and adaptive decision-making mechanisms
further strengthens the system’s ability to respond dynamically to changing production
conditions. Consequently, the production line becomes more agile, robust, and capable
of sustaining high performance over time.

5 Study Limitations
The results of this study reveal a significant interdependence between mold size, robot
adaptability, and mold complexity in determining changeover durations. Larger molds,
when paired with robotic systems that lack sufficient adaptability, tend to generate
extended setup times. This effect is further amplified when the mold design is complex, requiring additional calibration and handling efforts. These findings underscore
the necessity of integrating intelligent systems capable of managing such variability.
The use of fuzzy logic in this context proves particularly effective, as it allows
for the modeling of nonlinear relationships and uncertainties inherent in real-world
manufacturing environments. Through adaptive inference mechanisms, the system can
predict and adjust changeover strategies in real time, based on multiple input variables.
This not only enhances the precision of operational decisions but also contributes directly
to the dynamic balancing of the production line.
Line balancing, a critical factor in manufacturing efficiency, benefits greatly from
this hybrid approach. By redistributing tasks based on real-time data and system feedback, the methodology ensures a more uniform workload across stations. This reduces
idle time, minimizes bottlenecks, and improves the overall flow of operations. Furthermore, the ability to continuously adapt to changes in mold characteristics and equipment
performance makes the production system more resilient and scalable. In essence, the
integration of SMED with fuzzy logic not only optimizes changeover times but also
establishes a robust foundation for sustainable and intelligent line balancing in complex
industrial settings.

6 Conclusion
This study confirms that the integration of Lean Six Sigma (LSS), Single-Minute
Exchange of Dies (SMED), and fuzzy logic constitutes a powerful methodology for
reducing mold changeover times in plastic injection molding environments. The implementation of this hybrid approach led to a remarkable 65% reduction in changeover duration and a substantial increase in Process Cycle Efficiency (PCE), rising from 27.5% to
72.5%. Additionally, value-added activities increased by 59.3%, while non-value-added

Optimizing Mold Changeover Times in the Automotive Injection Industry

327

operations were reduced by 71.9%, reflecting a significant enhancement in operational
efficiency and resource utilization.
Beyond these quantitative improvements, the methodology also contributes meaningfully to production line balancing. By leveraging real-time data and adaptive decisionmaking through fuzzy logic, the system dynamically redistributes tasks and adjusts
workflows to match operational demands. This ensures a more even distribution of
workload across stations, reduces process variability, and mitigates bottlenecks—key
factors in achieving a stable and efficient production line. The ability to maintain this
balance under varying production conditions highlights the robustness and scalability of
the approach.
These findings not only validate the effectiveness of combining Lean tools with
intelligent systems but also position this methodology as a strategic enabler for smart
manufacturing. Future research could explore its application across different production
stages or integrate simulation-based validation to further generalize its benefits [3].

References
1. Costa, R.J.S., Silva, F.J.G., Campilho, R.D.S.G.: A novel concept of agile assembly machine
for sets applied in the automotive industry. Int. J. Adv. Manuf. Technol. 91, 4043–4054 (2017).
https://doi.org/10.1007/s00170-017-0109-4
2. Ballyns, J.J., et al.: Image-guided tissue engineering of anatomically shaped implants via MRI
and micro-CT using injection molding. Tissue Eng. Part A 14, 1195–1202 (2008). https://doi.
org/10.1089/ten.tea.2007.0186
3. Daniyan, I., Adeodu, A., Mpofu, K., Maladzhi, R., Katumba, M.G.K.-K.: Application of
lean Six Sigma methodology using DMAIC approach for the improvement of bogie assembly process in the railcar industry. Heliyon. 8 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.
e09043
4. Nandakumar, N., Saleeshya, P.G., Harikumar, P.: Bottleneck identification and process
improvement by lean six sigma DMAIC methodology. Mater. Today: Proc. 24, 1217–1224
(2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.matpr.2020.04.436
5. Dahda, S.S., Andesta, D., Wicaksono, A.S.: Measuring leanness index using fuzzy logic
approach. J. Phys.: Conf. Ser. 1469, 012040 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1088/17426596/1469/
1/012040
6. Reducing Setup Time in Injection Process Using SMED Methodology – ProQuest. https://
www.proquest.com/openview/a060e651a4785c85237d10da815ad137/1?pq-origsite=gsc
holar&cbl=2026366&diss=y. Accessed 03 Jan 2025
7. Khan, S.A., Jaboa, A.G.H.B., Ishtiaq, P.: DMAIC methodology for productivity improvement
of preventive maintenance in an oil and gas company. Int. J. Bus. Excell. 32, 1–24 (2024).
https://doi.org/10.1504/IJBEX.2024.135922
8. Lin, B.-T., Kuo, C.-C.: Application of the fuzzy-based Taguchi method for the structural
design of drawing dies. Int. J. Adv. Manuf. Technol. 55, 83–93 (2011). https://doi.org/10.
1007/s00170-010-3021-8
9. Endrigo Sordan, J., Andersson, R., Antony, J., Lopes Pimenta, M., Oprime, P.C.: How Industry
4.0, artificial intelligence and augmented reality can boost digital lean six sigma. Total Qual.
Manage. Bus. Excellence. 35, 1542–1566 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1080/14783363.2024.
2375299
10. Mortada, A., Soulhi, A.: Improvement of Assembly Line Efficiency by Using Lean
Manufacturing Tools and Line Balancing Techniques

328

Y. E. Belghiti et al.

11. Operations and Business Analytics, University Science Malaysia, Penang, Malaysia., Kays*,
H.M.E., Prodhan, Md.S., Mechanical Engineering, International University of Business Agriculture & Technology, Dhaka, Bangaldesh., Karia*, N., Operations and Business Analytics, University Science Malaysia, Penang, Malaysia., Karim, A.N.M., Engineering and Built
Environment, Griffith University, Queensland, Australia., Sharif, S.B., Mechanical Engineering, International University of Business Agriculture & Technology, Dhaka, Bangladesh.:
Improvement of Operational Performance through Value Stream Mapping and Yamazumi
Chart: A case of Bangladeshi RMG Industry. IJRTE, 8, 11977–11986 (2019). https://doi.org/
10.35940/ijrte.D9926.118419
12. Hasta, A., Harwati: line balancing with reduced number of operator: a productivity improvement. IOP Conf. Ser.: Mater. Sci. Eng. 528, 012060 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1088/1757899X/528/1/012060
13. Dillon, A.P., Shingo, S.: A Revolution in Manufacturing: The SMED System. CRC Press,
Boca Raton (1985)
14. Obusele, E.P., Sodhi, D.H.S.: effecting lean manufacturing techniques: a review. J. Pharm.
Negative Results. 13 (2022)
15. Analysis of Single Minute Exchange Die in manufacturing processes
16. Antoniolli, I., Guariente, P., Pereira, T., Ferreira, L.P., Silva, F.J.G.: Standardization and
optimization of an automotive components production line. Procedia Manuf. 13, 1120–1127
(2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.promfg.2017.09.173
17. Application of Value Stream Mapping in the Improvement of Lead Time, Takt Time and Over
Flowing Labour in a Paper Manufacturing Company: A Lean Six Sigma Approach
18. Ahmed, S., Manaf, N.H.A., Islam, R.: Measuring lean six sigma and quality performance for
healthcare organizations. Int. J. Qual. Serv. Sci. 10, 267–278 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1108/
IJQSS-09-2017-0076
19. Mohyiddine, S.: Implémentation et déploiement d’une nouvelle approche à base de Lean Six
Sigma pour le développement et l’amélioration de la durabilité de la production des petites
et moyennes entreprises (2021). http://eprints.univ-batna2.dz/1941/
20. Lakhouil, H., Soulhi, A.: Fuzzy Decision-Making Model for the inventory leveling under
uncertainty condition. Data Metadata. 3 (2024). https://doi.org/10.56294/dm2024142

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading
in Ceramic Tile Industry
Marco Taccini1(B) , Matheus Aguilar de Oliveira2 ,
André Gustavo dos Santos2 , Thiago Alves de Queiroz3 ,
and Manuel Iori1
1

Department of Sciences and Methods for Engineering, University of Modena and
Reggio Emilia, Reggio Emilia, Italy
{marco.taccini,manuel.iori}@unimore.it
2
Department of Informatics, Federal University of Viçosa, Viçosa, MG, Brazil
{matheus.a.aguilar,andresantos}@ufv.br
3
Institute of Mathematics and Technology, Federal University of Catalão,
Catalão, GO, Brazil
taq@ufcat.edu.br

Abstract. Motivated by a real-world case study in ceramic tile production, this paper addresses the problem of determining the minimum
number of pallets required to load a given set of boxes. The problem must
be solved quickly to give customers an expectation of the transportation
cost of their orders. In addition, not all constraints and instance data can
be easily determined in advance, and the items are loaded onto the pallets by operators who mostly rely on their personal experience. Therefore,
traditional model-based solution methods do not apply well, and datadriven approaches are preferable. To solve the problem, we propose a
hybrid algorithm in which a machine learning technique is trained over a
company dataset comprising two years of customer orders, with the aim
of predicting the number of pallets required by an order. The accuracy
of the machine learning technique is largely improved by including additional features, such as lower and upper bounds, in the dataset, obtained
using quick optimization algorithms. The resulting hybrid algorithm has
been compared with the model-based software currently used at the company, consistently providing better-quality results in shorter computing
times.
Keywords: Cutting and packing problems · Distributor’s pallet
loading · Ceramic tile · Machine learning

1

Introduction

The global ceramic tile market has grown signiﬁcantly over the past decade, with
worldwide production reaching 16.8 billion square meters [1]. Italy is a leading
exporter, generating €7.2 billion in revenue, highlighting the sector’s importance to the national economy. Eﬃcient logistics optimization in the ceramic
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 329–340, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_25

330

M. Taccini et al.

tile industry, including loading of tiles on pallets and transportation of pallets,
is crucial for cost reduction and company competitiveness. Loading operations
involve transferring speciﬁed quantities of ceramic tile boxes, either of the same
size or diﬀerent sizes, from production pallets to shipping pallets to fulﬁll customers’ orders. When loading pallets, the company needs to carefully consider
weight and volume constraints and keep pallet stability and balance to ensure
the safe transport of tiles while using the minimum number of shipping pallets.
In this paper, we handle a variant of the distributor’s pallet loading problem
(DPLP) [12] that emerges from an international ceramic tile company headquartered in Italy. The company has an e-commerce platform to receive customers’
orders. As the company does not provide the transportation of the shipping pallets, customers need to collect their pallets by using their vehicles or third-party
carriers. Consequently, the company should provide the number of shipping pallets associated with each order or at least predict this number accurately, especially for customers who need to contract a third-party carrier. This prediction
is complex, even if using specialized software to address pallet loading problems [19], because the company faces speciﬁc constraints in its operational daily
routine, necessitating extensive customization of such software.
In this paper, we propose a hybrid approach to predict the number of shipping pallets required for a given customer order. The approach combines machine
learning (ML) techniques to gain information from a large dataset of previously
shipped pallets with techniques from the optimization ﬁeld to enrich the dataset
by quickly providing additional features such as lower and upper bounds on the
number of pallets. The hybrid approach is then compared with solutions currently in use at the company, including manual operators’ decisions and outputs
from a given specialized software [14]. The computational experiments show that
the proposed approach is a valuable tool for the company.
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 contains a brief
review of the literature related to the DPLP. Section 3 describes the company
problem with its constraints and requirements. Section 4 presents our proposed
hybrid approach. Section 5 contains the numerical experiments on real-world
instances. Finally, Sect. 6 concludes the paper and provides several directions for
future research.

2

Literature Review

The literature on cutting and packing problems is extensive. According to [20],
the ﬁrst scientiﬁc papers on these problems date back to the 1940s. The most
recent surveys concern problems in one-, two-, and three-dimensions and contain
detailed discussions on solution methods based on exact and heuristic approaches
(see, e.g., [10] and [22]). An essential characteristic of these problems is given by
the number of practical constraints they may include, such as complete shipment,
conﬂicting items, cargo stability, load-bearing, multi-drop, and load-balancing
[13]. Concerning pallet loading problems, [19] surveyed the manufacturer’s variant, in which all items are identical, and the objective is to pack the maximum

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry

331

number of items onto a single pallet. Besides commenting on the diﬀerent data
sets and solution methods, the authors emphasized that the computational complexity of this problem is still an open question. The DPLP, on the other hand,
assumes that items are not necessarily identical and is an NP-hard problem. Its
objective is to ﬁnd the minimum number of pallets necessary to load all items.
The DPLP is also referenced as the multi-pallet loading problem [21] and the
pallet building problem [6].
One of the ﬁrst authors to handle the DPLP was [9], considering the transport of palletized cargo by the U.S. Air Force. The author proposed a dynamic
programming-based algorithm and tested it on instances having 30 boxes. In
[21], the DPLP was solved using an algorithm based on branch-and-bound. The
authors considered practical constraints such as weight limits, load-bearing, stability, and grouping of items. In [4], the problem had no limit on the number of
boxes to load, and boxes could have multiple orientations. The authors developed a recursive partitioning algorithm, which integrated a recursive ﬁve-block
heuristic and an L-approach. The authors could not ﬁnd an instance for which
this algorithm failed in ﬁnding an optimal solution (such an instance was later
found in [17]). In [6], the DPLP emerged from a robotized task of loading boxes
into layers, which were then stacked while meeting load-bearing requirements.
Constraints like contiguity, visibility, and multiple orientations were considered.
The authors proposed a mathematical model and a reactive greedy randomized adaptive search procedure for solving realistic, large-sized instances. A new
DPLP variant in which pallets may have diﬀerent sizes was handled in [12]. The
problem emerged from a lamp and lighting manufacturing company that needed
to load many carton boxes onto pallets of multiple sizes. Constraints such as
load-bearing and multiple orientations were taken into consideration.
Using artiﬁcial intelligence techniques to handle combinatorial optimization
problems is a promising area of research. The survey in [3] discussed recent
advances in combining ML techniques with optimization methods to eﬃciently
handle hard combinatorial optimization problems. The authors also commented
on the beneﬁts (e.g., speed and generalization) and challenges (e.g., training
and accuracy) of using ML purely. Concerning cutting and packing problems,
an increasing number of publications combine ML or artiﬁcial intelligence techniques with exact or heuristic algorithms to handle, e.g., bin packing [8] and
container loading problems [16].

3

Problem Description

The problem under investigation is a variant of the DPLP with speciﬁc operational and product-related constraints. After being produced, the ceramic tiles
are ﬁrst loaded on production pallets, which are only used for inbound logistics.
An automated system then delivers the production pallets to the loading area.
The company operators load the products onto shipping pallets using hydraulic
machines. The automated system is also responsible for other logistics activities
inside the warehouse. As a result, products are not available simultaneously, as

332

M. Taccini et al.

their arrival sequence depends on the system’s decisions and the warehouse’s
current state. For instance, machinery downtime may alter the order in which
production pallets are sent to the loading areas. Moreover, the loading area
cannot have more than four production pallets at a time. Due to this space limitation, operators need to load the products onto the pallets as soon as possible.
As other products arrive, operators continue loading until the shipping pallets
of that order are completed before moving to the next order. When loading a
shipping pallet, operators must also satisfy load requirements such as vertical
stability, load-bearing, and restricted box orientations.
Our DPLP can be formally described as follows. A customer order consists of
a set B of three-dimensional boxes, each containing a given number of tiles. Each
box belongs to a type t ∈ T = {1, 2, ..., m}, corresponding to a speciﬁc tile size.
A box of type t has width wt ∈ Z∗+ , depth lt ∈ Z∗+ , height ht ∈ Z∗+ , and weight
pt ∈ Z∗+ . Let dt ∈ N denote the number of boxes of type t required by the order.
Let P represent the set of identical shipping pallets, each with a two-dimensional
loading surface of width W ∈ Z∗+ and depth L ∈ Z∗+ . The DPLP’s objective is to
load all boxes requested in the order by using the minimum number of pallets.
Constraints on the maximum pallet height H ∈ Z∗+ and weight Wmax ∈ Z∗+ need
to be satisﬁed.
Due to these complex company constraints, obtaining a solution for this
DPLP variant is not easy, especially for large-sized and heterogeneous orders
(i.e., composed of boxes of diﬀerent sizes). Even if a DPLP solution satisfying
all constraints is available, it could suﬀer from warehouse uncertainties, possibly
making it impractical for the company operators. Besides that, the company
should give the number of pallets associated with each customer’s order at the
moment of purchase on its e-commerce platform. Therefore, the company is currently interested in a fast and accurate tool capable of predicting the number of
shipping pallets, rather than solving a dedicated but time-consuming optimization problem.

4

Hybrid Model

We propose a hybrid approach to the DPLP under investigation that considers
optimization algorithms to enhance the predictive performance of an ML model.
The company provided data on two years of sales and the corresponding number
of pallets generated for each order. This data includes the maximum number of
boxes per shipping pallet for each box size t, denoted by Ftmax , and the maximum
weight (Wmax ) and volume (W LH) a shipping pallet can support.
An initial training dataset is created from the company-provided data. We
start calculating the frequency Ft = dt (i.e., the number of boxes of type t),
the weight Wt = dt pt , and the volume Vt = wt lt ht dt for each type t ∈ T .
The dataset is labeled with the number of shipping pallets Zj generated by
each order j ∈ {1, ..., n}. Since training on the initial dataset can take a long
time, all intermediate training steps (Sections 4.1–4.3) are conducted using a
reduced dataset. The complete dataset is only used on the ﬁnal computational

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry

333

experiments (Sect. 5). The reduced dataset is created by randomly selecting a
subset of orders from the initial dataset, resulting in a training set with about
1
8 of the total number of orders.
4.1

Machine Learning Model Selection

We developed a pipeline to train and test four diﬀerent machine learning models. These models, which were chosen based on the literature review and our
experience, consist of: XGBoost [7], LightGBM (LGBM) [11], Random Forest,
and Support Vector Machine (SVM) from scikit-learn [15]. Each model passes
through a hyperparameter tuning phase on the Mean Squared Error (MSE) and
Mean Absolute Error (MAE) metrics, obtained by performing a standard grid
search. Table 1 reports the hyperparameters and their possible values, besides
the best values found along with MSE and MAE metrics. The possible values
were deﬁned using a trial-and-error approach and following the indications in
each model documentation and the literature (see, e.g., [2]).
Table 1. Grid search results with the hyperparameter values and errors.
Model

Hyperparameter Values

Best Value MSE MAE

XGBoost

learning_rate

0.1, 0.3

0.3

max_depth

4, 5, 6

4

gamma

0, 0.25, 1

0.25

learning_rate

0.005, 0.01

0.01

num_leaves

6, 8, 12, 16

16

sqrt, log2, None

None

3, 6, 9

9

max_leaf_nodes 3, 6, 9

9

C

0.1, 1, 10, 100, 1000

100

gamma

1, 0.1, 0.01, 0.001, 0.0001 0.0001

LGBM

Random Forest max_features
max_depth
SVM

4.78 1.17

16.49 2.58
13.61 2.26

35.89 3.45

The results in Table 1 show that XGBoost outperforms the other models
regarding the MSE and MAE values. Consequently, we decided to use only
XGBoost in the following steps. We also decided to perform a deeper tuning
of this model’s hyperparameters. Table 2 contains the outcome of this additional
tuning test, which leads to better MSE and MAE values for the XGBoost model.
4.2

Features Optimization

After successfully ﬁne-tuning the XGBoost model, we investigated the importance of each feature in the reduced dataset. This analysis reveals that columns
Wt and Vt , for t ∈ T , are marginally contributing to the model’s predictions, as
shown in Fig. 1. Furthermore, tile sizes that appear less frequently in the dataset
exhibit higher error rates, as shown in Fig. 2.

334

M. Taccini et al.
Table 2. XGBoost tuning with the best hyperparameter values and errors.
Hyperparameter

Values

learning_rate

0.01, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 0.3

Best Value MSE MAE

gamma

0, 0.1, 0.5

0.1

max_depth

3, 6, 10

6

min_child_weight 0, 1, 3, 5

0

subsample

0.5

0.5, 1

colsample_bytree 0.5, 1

1.11 0.43

1

Fig. 1. Importance of the feature weights in the XGBoost model.

Fig. 2. MSE and frequency values (Ft ), normalized and sorted by decreasing MSE.

These results allow the removal of less informative features, such as the sizegrouped weight Wt and volume Vt . At the same time, we introduce more general
order-aggregated features, as follows. Let O be the set of orders we need to
process, and let o ∈ O be a given order. We determine the total number of boxes
m
m
m
Fo = t=1 Ft , the total weight Wo = t=1 Wt , the total volume Vo = t=1 Vt ,
Wo
the average box weight Wavg = Fo , and the average box volume Vavg = FVoo .
Fig. 3 shows how these new features impacted the predictive capability of the
XGBoost model.
In the set O of orders, we observe that predicting the number of shipping
pallets for homogeneous orders, deﬁned Oh , which consist of only one type of
box, and Of ull ones, which require only production pallets regardless of the
types, is straightforward for the model. In this way, we divided results into two
groups: one containing all available orders O and another excluding these simpler
orders Omix = O − (Oh ∪ Of ull ). With this strategy, we evaluated the model in

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry

335

Fig. 3. Importance of the new order-aggregated features in the XGBoost model.

both scenarios, preventing simple orders to improve the metrics and resulting in
premature conclusions. Table 3 summarizes the model’s performance before and
after including the new features.
Table 3. MSE and MAE values for each group of orders and the dataset structures S1
(original) and S2 (enriched with additional features).
MSE

MAE

Dataset structure O Omix O

4.3

Omix

S1

1.01 1.38 0.42 0.53

S2

0.36 0.47 0.24 0.31

Incorporation of Optimization-Based Features

Aiming to reduce the errors further, three additional features (i.e., HS1 , HS2 ,
and HS3 ) computed with quick algorithms are introduced into the training
dataset. To ensure computational eﬃciency, the proposed algorithms have the
worst-case time complexity of at most O(Fo2 ), where Fo is the total number of
boxes in the customer’s order. The proposed algorithms are as follows:
m

W

m

V

t
t
t=1
, Wt=1
– HS1 : calculated as HS1 = max ( W
LH ). This can be intermax
preted as the value of the linear relaxation lower bound (LB);
m
t
– HS2 : calculated as HS2 = t=1 FFmax
, where Ftmax is the maximum number
t
of boxes of type t that can be loaded onto a pallet. This is, instead, an
upper bound (UB) for the DPLP instance, computed by considering that all
pallets are built with only homogeneous tiles (and this can easily be done by
satisfying vertical stability and load bearing constraints);
– HS3 : described in Algorithms 1 and 2. This algorithm loads pallets by stacking layers of same-sized boxes, starting with those having the largest area until
the pallet limits are reached. Once full, it begins a new pallet and continues
until all boxes are packed. This may be seen as a quick heuristic solution

336

M. Taccini et al.

approach, but, in fact, it does not consider vertical stability and load bearing constraints, and hence it only provides an approximation function of the
minimum number of pallets.

Algorithm 1 . HS3 - constructive heuristic to give the number of shipping
pallets
1: pallets ← 1
Pallet estimation
Iterate over box types sorted by decreasing base area
2: for t ∈ sorted(T ) do
Boxes of type t left to pack
3:
while dt > 0 do
4:
if w − pt < 0 OR h − ht < 0 OR no space to pack one box then
Restart using an empty pallet
5:
x, y, w, h ← W, L, Wmax
6:
pallets ← pallets + 1
7:
end if
w
How many boxes can be packed based on weight
8:
b
pt
Try to pack directly
9:
q, dx , dy ← tryPack(b, wt , lt , x, y)
Try rotating to pack
10:
q2 , dx2 , dy2 ← tryPack(b, lt , wt , x, y)
11:
if q < q2 OR (q = q2 AND px py < px2 py2 ) then
Choose to pack more boxes, then more area
12:
q, dx , dy ← q2 , dx2 , dy2
13:
end if
Pack boxes, update weight and height
14:
dt , w, h ← dt − q, w − pt q, h − ht
Update dimensions for next layer
15:
x, y ← dx , dy
16:
end while
17: end for
18: return pallets

Algorithm 2. tryPack
Input: b, bx , by , lx , ly
1: X ← min(b, blxx )

Boxes to pack, box and layer dimensions
Maximum number of boxes in x-dimension

l

Maximum number of boxes in y-dimension
2: Y ← min(b, byy )
3: q, dx , dy ← 0, 0, 0
Best quantity and new layer dimensions
Test all number of boxes in x-dimension
4: for x ∈ {1 . . . X} do
How many rows in y-dimension will be needed
5:
y ← min(Y, xb )
6:
if q < min(b, xy) OR (q = min(b, xy) AND dx dy < bx by xy) then
7:
q, dx , dy ← min(b, xy), bx x, by y
8:
end if
9: end for
10: return q, dx , dy

Table 4 describes the ﬁnal structure S3 of the training dataset, which
now includes the three additional optimization-based features. Compared with
Table 3, the MSE and MAE values for the dataset structure S3 are 0.24 and
0.19 for O, and 0.32 and 0.26 for Omix , respectively, representing a considerable
improvement in the accuracy of the model.

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry

337

Table 4. Final training dataset structure S3 .

5

j

F1 . . . Fm Fo Wo Vo Wavg Vavg HS1 HS2 HS3 Zj

1

10 . . . 3

5

9

8

7

... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

... ...

...

...

...

n 7

5

4

3

3

... 0

25 250 500 10
13 195 65 15

20

2

Computational Experiments

All the codes were implemented in Python 3.10 and executed in a computer with
an Intel Core i5-1135G7 2.40 GHz processor, 8 GB of RAM, and Linux Mint 21
Cinnamon as the operating system. We evaluate the XGBoost model considering
the structure S3 (i.e., the one enriched with the additional optimization-based
features) and the complete two-year dataset with all orders. This corresponds
to our hybrid approach. In Table 5, we observe the impact of the two groups
Oh and Of ull on the training phase. Consequently, we train the model using the
structure S3 , ﬁrst including all orders O and then keeping only mixed orders
Omix (which we recall is equal to O − (Oh ∪ Of ull )).
Table 5. MSE and MAE values for each group of orders and the dataset structure S3 .
Groups of orders Orders Training Time (min) MSE Omix MAE Omix
O

166391 54.79

0.22 0.73 0.11 0.33

Omix

40533

0.25 0.76 0.12 0.33

26.90

As reported in Table 5, applying the model to all orders O yields slightly
better results compared to using Omix . However, using only Omix can reduce
the training time by around 51% while keeping satisfactory predictive results.
We next compare in Table 6 the proposed hybrid approach with PackVol [14],
a specialized software the company uses to solve the DPLP heuristically. PackVol was conﬁgured by the company employees to satisfy the speciﬁc operational
constraints of the DPLP as closely as possible. This means that PackVol is not
able to capture some constraints. For example, as mentioned in Sect. 3, ceramic
tiles of a given order are not all available simultaneously due to the warehouse’s
current state. As a result, PackVol could underestimate the number of pallets.
We also present the number of pallets obtained from the company operators
for comparison purposes. This experiment considers 30 real instances, consisting
of 30 orders randomly selected among the heterogeneous orders made in 2024
(which are not included in the training set). The real instances I are all heterogeneous, and are sorted by increasing number of box types m. Its maximum
value is 6 since 99.32% of the orders in the training dataset contain six or fewer
types. Table 6 contains the instance number and the solution value (i.e., number of shipping pallets) obtained with PackVol, the proposed hybrid approach,

338

M. Taccini et al.

and the company operators. We assume the operators’ solution is the basis for
comparison, so the rows “Diﬀ.” contain the diﬀerence with such a solution for
each instance. Positive values indicate the usage of more pallets, which could
be acceptable. Negative values indicate fewer pallets in the solution and could
represent additional logistic issues for customers (e.g., the need for contracting
“on the ﬂight” an extra vehicle).
Table 6. Results for the 30 real instances and comparison among the diﬀerent methods.
Inst.

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30

# types 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 6 6 6 6 6
Company 2 6 4 1 6 2 22 5 5 8 10 7 5 8 9 7 15 6 26 9 28 2 13 10 22 10 22 21 10 16
# types 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 6 6 6 6 6
PackVol 1 6 4 1 6 2 22 5 3 8 10 6 4 6 8 7 15 6 25 8 27 4 13 6 18 8 21 19 10 14
Diﬀ.

−1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 −2 0 0 −1 −1 −2 −1 0 0 0 −1 −1 −1 2 0 −4 −4 −2 −1 −2 0 −2

Hybrid

2 7 4 1 6 2 22 5 5 9 11 7 6 7 9 7 16 7 26 9 27 3 13 10 21 10 22 20 12 16

Diﬀ.

0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 −1 0 0 1 1 0 0 −1 1 0 0 −1 0 0 −1 2 0

Observing the results in Table 6, PackVol achieves an MSE of 2.13 and an
MAE of 0.93, whereas our hybrid approach achieves signiﬁcantly better results,
with 0.50 and 0.43 values of MSE and MAE, respectively. These outcomes highlight that our approach outperforms PackVol in both metrics, demonstrating its
capability to predict the number of pallets following the real context of the
company with its operational requirements and workﬂows. Another important
aspect is the computation time required by the proposed approach. Although
the training phase may be time-consuming, after training, it solved all instances
in just 0.016 s, while PackVol required around one second per instance. From
Table 6, we can also observe that PackVol returns solutions diﬀerent from those
by the company in 16 cases, returning fewer pallets for 15 cases and achieving
a largest deviation of -4 pallets. This may bring issues for customers. On the
other hand, the hybrid approach returns solutions that diﬀer from the company
ones for just 12 instances, returning fewer pallets for only 4 of them and having
the largest deviation of just 2 pallets. These values conﬁrm that our approach,
trained on real-world data, eﬀectively models the problem constraints and results
in accurate predictions.

6

Concluding Remarks

We proposed a hybrid approach composed of machine learning and optimization components to predict the number of pallets required to ship an order of
ceramic tiles. We evaluated four machine learning models, and after ﬁne-tuning,
we selected XGBoost. Its performance was improved by adding new features
that capture general information about the company’s operational constraints.

A Hybrid Approach for Pallet Loading in Ceramic Tile Industry

339

We also incorporated three measures obtained by quick optimization algorithms,
leading to signiﬁcant reductions in both MSE and MAE values. The resulting
hybrid approach obtained better results than PackVol, the specialized modelbased software currently used at the company.
The computational experiments highlight that our hybrid approach, once it
is trained on real-world data, is fast and well-suited for the company-speciﬁc
operational constraints. It allows more accurate and practical predictions than
PackVol, resulting in more solutions equal to the ones obtained by the company
operators and a reduced number of solutions requiring fewer pallets. This is
remarkably achieved without feeding the approach with any direct information
about the pallet loading constraints (i.e., stability, load-bearing requirements,
and orientation), making the approach a very ﬂexible tool.
Future research could propose new features to the hybrid approach (e.g.,
solutions obtained with heuristics based on local search). Another interesting
research avenue is to work on a more general problem, considering pallets of
diﬀerent sizes, which will lead to a more challenging objective function. We
ﬁnally plan to test the approach to other related pallet loading, cutting, and
packing problems, as well as scheduling problems [5,18].
Acknowledgments. We acknowledge ﬁnancial support from the National Council for Scientiﬁc and Technological Development (CNPq) [grant n. 405369/20212, 408722/2023-1, 315555/2023-8, 444679/2024-3, and 407005/2024-2], the State of
Goiás Research Foundation (FAPEG), and the National Recovery and Resilience Plan
(NRRP), Mission 04 Component 2 Investment 1.5âĂŞNextGenerationEU, Call n. 3277
dated 30/12/2021, Award n.: 0001052 dated 23/06/2022. We are also grateful to the
company, which has provided us with relevant information, feedback, and data.

References
1. ACIMAC Research Department: World production and consumption of ceramic
tiles (2023). https://www.mecs.org/it/shop/cat/16-mercato-ceramico/prod/111produzione-e-consumo-mondiale-di-piastrelle-ceramiche
2. Banerjee, P.: A guide on XGBoost hyperparameters tuning (2020). https://
www.kaggle.com/code/prashant111/a-guide-on-xgboost-hyperparameters-tuning.
Accessed26 Sept 2024
3. Bengio, Y., Lodi, A., Prouvost, A.: Machine learning for combinatorial optimization: a methodological tour d’horizon. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 290(2), 405–421 (2021)
4. Birgin, E.G., Lobato, R.D., Morabito, R.: Generating unconstrained twodimensional non-guillotine cutting patterns by a recursive partitioning algorithm.
J. Oper. Res. Soc. 63(2), 183–200 (2012)
5. Borges, Y.G.F., de Lima, V.L., Miyazawa, F.K., Pedrosa, L.L.C., Queiroz, T.A.,
Schouery, R.C.S.: Algorithms for the bin packing problem with scenarios. J. Comb.
Optim. 48(4), 34 (2024)
6. Calzavara, G., Iori, M., Locatelli, M., Moreira, M.C.O., Silveira, T.: Mathematical models and heuristic algorithms for pallet building problems with practical
constraints. Ann. Oper. Res. (2021)

340

M. Taccini et al.

7. Chen, T., Guestrin, C.: XGBoost: a scalable tree boosting system. In: Proceedings
of the 22nd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and
Data Mining, pp. 785–794 (2016)
8. Fang, J., Rao, Y., Zhao, X., Du, B.: A hybrid reinforcement learning algorithm for
2D irregular packing problems. Mathematics 11(2) (2023)
9. Hodgson, T.J.: A combined approach to the pallet loading problem. A I I E Trans.
14(3), 175–182 (1982)
10. Iori, M., de Lima, V.L., Martello, S., Miyazawa, F.K., Monaci, M.: Exact solution
techniques for two-dimensional cutting and packing. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 289(2),
399–415 (2021)
11. LightGBM: Light gradient boosting machine (2024). https://github.com/
microsoft/LightGBM. Accessed 10 Dec 2024
12. Mungwattana, A., Piyachayawat, T., Janssens, G.K.: A two-step evolutionary algorithm for the distributor’s pallet loading problem with multi-size pallets. Flex. Serv.
Manuf. J. 35(4), 1256–1275 (2023)
13. Nascimento, O.X., Queiroz, T.A., Junqueira, L.: Practical constraints in the container loading problem: comprehensive formulations and exact algorithm. Comput.
Oper. Res. 128, 105186 (2021)
14. PackVol: Optimization software for load planning (2024). https://www.packvol.
com/index.html. Accessed 10 Dec 2024
15. Pedregosa, F., et al.: Scikit-learn: machine learning in python. J. Mach. Learn.
Res. 12, 2825–2830 (2011)
16. Que, Q., Yang, F., Zhang, D.: Solving 3D packing problem using transformer network and reinforcement learning. Expert Syst. Appl. 214, 119153 (2023)
17. Queiroz, T.A., Miyazawa, F.K., Wakabayashi, Y.: On the L-approach for generating
unconstrained two-dimensional non-guillotine cutting patterns. 4OR 13(2), 199–
219 (2015)
18. Queiroz, T.A., Mundim, L.R.: Multiobjective pseudo-variable neighborhood
descent for a bicriteria parallel machine scheduling problem with setup time. Int.
Trans. Oper. Res. 27(3), 1478–1500 (2020)
19. Silva, E., Oliveira, J.F., Wäscher, G.: The pallet loading problem: a review of
solution methods and computational experiments. Int. Trans. Oper. Res. 23(1–2),
147–172 (2016)
20. Sweeney, P.E., Paternoster, E.R.: Cutting and packing problems: a categorized,
application-orientated research bibliography. J. Oper. Res. Soc. 43(7), 691–706
(1992)
21. Terno, J., Scheithauer, G., Sommerweiß, U., Riehme, J.: An eﬃcient approach for
the multi-pallet loading problem. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 123(2), 372–381 (2000)
22. Yagiura, M., Imahori, S., Hu, Y.: Cutting and Packing Problems. Springer, Tokyo
(2025)

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm
Results for Designing Two-Stage Supply
Chains with Fixed Costs
Corina Pop Sitar , Petrică C. Pop(B) , and Adrian Petrovan
Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, North University Center of Baia Mare, Dr. V.
Babes 62A, 430083 Baia Mare, Romania
corina.pop@econ.utcluj.ro, petrica.pop@mi.utcluj.ro,
adrian.petrovan@ieec.utcluj.ro

Abstract. This paper addresses the two-stage supply chain network
design (TS-SCND) problem with ﬁxed costs, that models a distribution network in a supply chain that contains manufacturers, distribution
centers (DCs) and retailers. We formulate the investigated problem as
a mixed linear integer programming model that contains two kinds of
ﬁxed costs: ones corresponding to the distribution routes and the others
corresponding to opening the DCs. In this study, our aim is to examine
the characteristics of the existing metaheuristic algorithms for solving
the investigated problem: four ant colony optimization algorithms and a
hybrid genetic algorithm. Based on the performance comparison results,
we conduct a systematic analysis of the considered solution approaches.
The performed analysis points out that the hybrid genetic algorithm has
the best performance regarding the count of obtained optimal solutions
and the relative percentage deviations. These ﬁndings were validated
through statistical analysis.
Keywords: Two-Stage Supply Chain Network Design problem ·
genetic algorithms · ant colony optimization algorithms · statistical
evaluation

1

Introduction

Transportation problem (TP) has a long-standing history, being deﬁned for the
ﬁrst time by the French mathematician G. Monge in 1781. In this problem,
goods are transported from a collection of sources to a collection of destinations,
each with speciﬁc supply and demand constraints, respectively, while the goal is
minimizing the total transportation cost, fulﬁlling all the mentioned supply and
demand requirements.
Motivated by the real-world applications, TP was extended by considering
ﬁxed costs related to the arcs linking sources to destinations, alongside transportation costs that depend on the quantity of goods transported along these
arcs. This setup leads to what is commonly referred to in the literature as the
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 341–352, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_26

342

C. P. Sitar et al.

ﬁxed cost transportation problem (FCTP), mentioned for the ﬁrst time by Balinski [2]. For further details on the TPs and FCTPs, including a review of solution
approaches developed to solve them, we refer to Kacher and Singh [13].
Due to the unpredictability of the demand requirements in real-world applications, the classical single-stage TPs have been extended to two-stage version
[10], where in addition to the source and destination nodes, we have nodes associated to the distribution centers (DCs).
In the literature, there have been investigated three variants of two-stage
ﬁxed cost transportation problems in supply chain networks:
1. The two-stage ﬁxed cost transportation problems in supply chain networks
with ﬁxed costs related to the routes connecting manufacturers to DCs and
DCs to retailers. Further information regarding this variant can be found in
[12, 17, 18].
2. The two-stage ﬁxed cost transportation problems in supply chain networks
with ﬁxed costs related to opening the DCs. Further information regarding
this variant can be found in [4–7].
3. The two-stage ﬁxed cost transportation problems in supply chain networks
two categories of ﬁxed costs: those for opening DCs and those associated with
the routes connecting manufacturers to DCs and DCs to retailers.
We conﬁne in our paper with the last variant of the two-stage ﬁxed cost transportation problems in supply chain networks. The speciﬁc form of the problem
investigated in our paper, was originally proposed by Hong et al. [11]. They
provided a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) model for the problem
and developed an ant colony optimization-based solution approach, which they
tested on 150 instances partitioned into three types: small, medium, and large.
Sabo et al. [19] presented a valid MILP formulation of the problem and highlighted certain discrepancies in Hong et al. [11] paper. Cosma et al. [8] developed
a hybrid genetic algorithm (HGA) achieved by embedding a linear programming
(LP) optimization problem into the structure of a genetic algorithm (GA). We
tested our developed hybrid algorithm on a collection of 150 instances having
the same characteristics as those generated by Hong et al. [11], and an additional type of instances containing 50 larger instances. Mostafa and Elshaer [14]
described three ACO algorithms using diﬀerent pheromone trails. They tested
their solution approaches on a set 120 instances divided into four types: small,
medium, large and larger. Mostafa et al. [15] investigated the impact of the ﬁxed
costs related to the routes and opening the DCs on the ﬁxed costs on the optimal
supply chain design.
As it can be observed, the proposed metaheuristic algorithms for solving the
investigated problem have been tested on diﬀerent data sets, and the only one
available was provided by Cosma et al. [20].
The goal of our paper is to present a comparative analysis of the existing
algorithm results for designing two-stage supply chains with ﬁxed costs, taking as
a benchmark the solutions provided by the solver LINGO, respectively CPLEX
for solving the MILP model of the problem.

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results

343

The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: the deﬁnition of the
TS-SCND problem is provided in Sect. 2, while in Sect. 3, we provide a valid formulation of the investigated transportation problem with ﬁxed costs. Section 4 is
dedicated to comparative analysis of the existing algorithm results for designing
two-stage supply chains with ﬁxed costs regarding the count of optimal solutions
achieved and the relative percentage deviation, followed by a statistical analysis.
Finally, the last section draws some conclusions.

2

Definition of the TS-SCND Problem with Fixed Costs

The TS-SCND that we investigate in this paper comprises manufacturers, characterized by a production capacity, distribution centers characterized by a storage capacity, and retailers that have a known demand that has to be fulﬁlled,
as illustrated in Fig. 1.

Fig. 1. Representation of the considered TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs

The ﬁnal products produced by the manufacturers are supplied to the retailers via distribution centers. The potential locations for DCs are predeﬁned in
the problem, each incurring a ﬁxed cost to establish. The distribution process
has two stages: among manufacturers and DCs, respectively among DCs and
retailers, incurring unit transportation costs and ﬁxed costs for using a certain
route.
The objective of the TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs corresponding to
the transportation routes and for opening the DCs, is to determine the DCs to

344

C. P. Sitar et al.

be opened and the routes used for the distribution of the products, as well as
the quantities to be transported along these routes, satisfying the demands of
the retailers, the capacity constraints of the manufacturers and the constraints
related to storing capacities of the DCs, while minimizing the total costs.

3

A Mathematical Formulation of the TS-SCND Problem
with Fixed Costs

In this section, we describe the mathematical formulation of the TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs introduced by Sabo et al. [19]. We begin by introducing the
notations for the relevant sets and parameters used in the problem under consideration.
m

.

d

.

r

.

Ci

.

SCj
.Dk
(1)
.fij
.

(2)

fjk

.

f
(1)
c

. j

. ij

(2)

cjk

.

denotes the number of manufacturers and .i is the
manufacturer index, .i ∈ {1, ...m};
denotes the number of DCs and .j is the DC index,
.j ∈ {1, ..., d};
denotes the number of retailers and .k is the retailer index,
.k ∈ {1, ..., r};
denotes the production capacity of manufacturer .i,
.i ∈ {1, .., m};
denotes the storage capacity of DC .j, .j ∈ {1, ..., q};
denotes the demand of retailer .k; .k ∈ {1, ..., r}
denotes the ﬁxed cost related to the ﬁrst stage
transportation route among manufacturer .i and DC .j
denotes the ﬁxed cost related to the second stage
transportation route among DC .j and customer .k;
denotes the ﬁxed cost for opening the DC .j
denotes the unit cost of ﬁrst stage transportation between
manufacturer .i and DC .j;
denotes the unit cost of second stage transportation
between DC .j and retailer .k.

For modeling the problem, we consider two types of variables:
– Linear variables:
(1)
• .xij corresponding to the ﬁrst stage transportation between manufacturers and DCs and expressing the number of units distributed between
manufacturer .i and DC .j;
(2)
• .xjk corresponding to the second stage transportation between DCs and
retailers and expressing the number of units distributed between DC .j
and retailer .k;
– Binary variables:

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results

345

(1)

• .yij expressing if there are units transported in the ﬁrst stage from man(1)

(1)

(1)

ufacturer .i to the DC .j (.yij = 1, if .xij > 0 and .yij = 0, otherwise);
(2)

• .yjk expressing whether there are units distributed in the second stage
(2)

(2)

(2)

between DC .j and retailer .k (.yjk = 1, if .xjk > 0 and .yjk = 0, otherwise);
• .zj expressing whether the DC .j is open (.zj = 1, given that DC .j is open
and .zj = 0, otherwise).
The TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs related to the routes and for opening
the DCs, can be formulated as the following MILP, presented by Sabo et al. [19]:
m

d

Z = min

.

i=1 j=1
d

s.t.
j=1
d
j=1
m
i=1
r

(1) (1)

(1) (1)

(cij xij + fij yij ) +

d

r

(2) (2)

(2) (2)

(cjk xjk + fjk yjk ) +

j=1 k=1

d

fj zj
j=1

(1)

∀ i ∈ {1, ..., m}

(1)

(2)

∀ k ∈ {1, ..., r}

(2)

xjk , ∀ j ∈ {1, .., d}

(3)

xjk ≤ SCj · zj , ∀ j ∈ {1, .., d}

(4)

xij ≤ Si ,
xjk = Dk ,
r

(1)

xij =
k=1

(2)

(2)

k=1
(1)
(2)
xij , xjk ≥ 0,

∀ i ∈ {1, ..., m}, ∀ j ∈ {1, .., d}, ∀ k ∈ {1, ..., r} (5)

(1) (2)
yij , yjk ∈ {0, 1},

∀ i ∈ {1, ..., m}, ∀ j ∈ {1, .., d}, ∀ k ∈ {1, ..., r} (6)

zj ∈ {0, 1},

∀ j ∈ {1, .., d}

(7)

The objective of our investigated problem is to minimize the total cost, which
consists of unit transportation costs, ﬁxed costs associated with the routes, and
the ﬁxed costs for opening the DCs. The set of restrictions (1) ensures that
the capacity of each manufacturer is not exceeded. The set of restrictions (2)
guarantees that the demand of each retailer is satisﬁed. The set of restrictions (3)
represents the ﬂow conservation conditions, ensuring that the units collected by a
given DC from manufacturers are equal to the units distributed from that DC to
the retailers. The set of constraints (4) guarantees that the storage capacities of
the DCs are not exceeded. Finally, restrictions (5–7) deﬁne the decision variables.

4

Comparative Computational Analysis

Our comparative computational analysis of the existing metaheuristic algorithms
for solving the TS-SCND problem was guided by the following research question:

346

C. P. Sitar et al.

RQ: Which is best performing algorithm for solving the TS-SCND problem with
ﬁxed costs?
4.1

Data Sets

To check their proposed mathematical formulation and to assess the performance of their proposed ACO algorithm, Hong et al. [11] generated randomly
150 instances divided into three types based on their dimension: small instances
containing 2 manufacturers, 5 DCs and 10 retailers, medium instances containing 4 manufacturers, 8 DCs and 15 retailers, and large instances containing 6
manufacturers, 10 DCs and 20 retailers.
As the test instances used by Hong et al. [11] were not available in the
literature, Cosma et al. [8] generated a new set of 150 instances in the same
way as those in Hong et al. [11]. In addition, they generated 50 larger instances
containing 10 manufacturers, 15 DCs and 30 retailers. All their instances are
available in [20].
Mostafa and Elshaer [14] asses the performance of their proposed ACO
approaches on 90 instances divided in small, medium and large as considered
by Huang et al. [11] and Cosma et al. [8]. In addition, they generated 30 larger
instances containing 10 manufacturers, 20 DCs and 30 retailers.
The existing data sets from the literature are synthesized in Table 1. The
table is organized as follows: the ﬁrst column presents the data set type, the
second one the size of the instances, the next three columns display the number
of manufacturers, DCs and retailers, while the last column presents the authors
that used the instances in order to evaluate the eﬃciency of their developed
solution approaches for solving the TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs.
Table 1. The existing data sets from the literature
Data sets Size

Number of
Number of Number of Authors
manufacturers DCs
retailers

Type 1

Small

2

5

10

Hong et al. [11], Cosma et al. [8],
Mostafa and Elshaer [14]

Type 2

Medium 4

8

15

Hong et al. [11], Cosma et al. [8],
Mostafa and Elshaer [14]

Type 3

Large

6

10

20

Hong et al. [11], Cosma et al. [8],
Mostafa and Elshaer [14]

Type 4

Larger 10

15

30

Cosma et al. [8]

Type 5

Larger 10

20

30

Mostafa and Elshaer [14]

4.2

Comparison Methods

The comparative computational analysis was made on the existing methods for
solving the TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed costs, which are going to be described
brieﬂy next:

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results

347

1. Hong et al. [11] proposed an ACO algorithm for solving the problem under
investigation. In addition, they solved their proposed mathematical model
using the solver LINGO.
2. Cosma et al. [8] developed a HGA obtained by embedding a LP optimization
problem into the structure of a GA. Furthermore, they solved their mixed
linear integer programming formulation using the solver CPLEX 12.7.0.
3. Mostafa and Elshaer [14] described three ACO algorithms using diﬀerent
pheromone trails. Moreover, they solved their proposed mixed linear integer
programming problem model using the solver LINGO.

4.3

Implementation Aspects

Hong et al. [11] did not provide any information regarding their implementations
and the computer used to carry out their computational experiments.
Cosma et al. [8] implemented their proposed mathematical MILP formulation
using CPLEX solver version 12.7.0 and their hybrid genetic algorithm in Java
8, and all the experiments have been evaluated on a machine equipped with
Intel Core i5-4590 3.3GHz, 4GB RAM, and the Windows 10 Education 64 bit
operating system.
Mostafa and Elshaer [14] implemented their three variants of the ACO
algorithm using Microsoft C#. All their experiments for solving the problem
instances with ACO algorithms and LINGO have been evaluated on a laptop
with the following characteristics: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-6300U CPU @ 2.40 GHz
2.50 GHz, RAM 8.00 GB.
4.4

Comparative Computational Analysis

Synthesizing the computational results displayed by Hong et al. [11], Cosma et
al. [8] and Mostafa and Elshaer [14], in the next two tables, we present a comparative analysis between the existing metaheuristic algorithms and the solutions
achieved by solving the MILP formulation of the TS-SCND problem with ﬁxed
costs by LINGO, respectively CPLEX, regarding the count of obtained optimal
solutions and the relative percentage deviations.
The Relative Percentage Diﬀerence (RPD) is used to measure the quality of
solutions produced by two distinct solution approaches [16]. It is calculated using
the following formula: .RP D(A1 , A2 ) = (ZA1 − ZA2 )/ZA2 , where .A1 , .A2 are two
distinct solution approaches, .ZA1 represents the solution cost delivered by the
proposed solution approach .A1 , and .ZA2 represents the solution cost delivered
by the existing solution approach .A2 . In our situation, .ZA1 is the cost obtained
by one of the developed metaheuristics by Hong et al. [11], Cosma et al. [8] and
Mostafa and Elshaer [14], while .ZA2 is the cost obtained by solving the MILP
model by LINGO, respectively CPLEX.
In Table 2, we displayed the number of obtained optimal solutions by the
existing metaheuristic algorithms for each type of instances. The highest number
of obtained optimal solutions is emphasized in bold, and the symbol ”-” indicates

348

C. P. Sitar et al.

that for that type of instances Hong et al. [11] did not provide solutions. The
last line contains the total number of obtained optimal solutions.
Table 2. Number of obtained optimal solutions by the existing metaheuristic algorithms from literature
Instance type

Number of achieved optimal solutions
ACO [11] HGA [8] ACO1 [14] ACO2 [14] ACO3 [14]

Small instances

0

50

9

9

9

Medium instances 0

50

0

1

1

Large instances

0

7

0

0

1

Larger instances -

0

0

0

0

Total

107

9

10

11

0

From the analysis of the results presented in Table 2, we notice that the
HGA designed by Cosma et al. [8] outperforms the other approaches regarding
the count of obtained optimal solutions. We may observe that with regard to
the small and medium instances, HGA obtained for all the instances the optimal
solution.
In Table 3, we display the average Relative Percentage Diﬀerence (RPD) of
the existing metaheuristic algorithms in contrast to the solutions achieved by
solving the MILP formulation by LINGO, respectively CPLEX.
Table 3. The average Relative Percentage Diﬀerence (RPD)
Instance type

The average Relative Percentage Diﬀerence (RPD)
ACO [11] HGA [8] ACO1 [14] ACO2 [14] ACO3 [14]

Small instances

4.81

0.00

0.39

0.44

0.44

Medium instances 5.32

0.00

2.07

1.27

1.16

Large instances

-0.09

3.21

1.32

1.16

-0.19

6.51

4.73

3.84

11.04

Larger instances -

From the analysis of the results displayed in Table 3, we notice that the best
performance regarding the RPD is obtained by the HGA designed by Cosma et
al. [8]:
– for all the small and medium instances the average RPD is .0 because our
HGA delivered the optimal solutions achieved as well by CPLEX;
– for the set of large instances, the average RPD is negative because in the case
of 7 out 50 instances of this type, HGA achieved the optimal solutions, while
for the rest of the instances the solutions obtained by HGA are better than
those provided by CPLEX having a time constraint of 3600 s;

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results

349

– and for the set of larger instances again the average RPD is negative because
for 43 out 50 instances, the solutions obtained by our HGA are better than
those provided by CPLEX having a time constraint of 3600 s, while for the
remaining instances the achieved solutions are the same.
HGA is followed by the ACO3, ACO2 and ACO1 all proposed by Mostafa
and Elshaer [14], while the worst performance in terms of RPD is achieved by
the ACO algorithm proposed by Hong et al. [11].
4.5

Statistical Analysis

To assess the statistical signiﬁcance of the diﬀerences observed among the investigated solution approaches over the considered data sets, taking as a benchmark
the solutions provided by the solver LINGO, respectively CPLEX for solving the
MILP model, we used the principles proposed by [9] and the Friedman statistical
test to reject the null hypothesis.
Our tests were performed on results divided by the diﬀerent types of
instances: small, medium and large, revealing that the null hypothesis could
be rejected. This indicates a statistically signiﬁcant diﬀerence among the classiﬁers. Following these remarks, we performed a Wilcoxon-Holm post-hoc test as
recommended in [3]. The outcomes of these comparisons were displayed in the
form of critical diﬀerence (CD) plots for a signiﬁcance level of 0.05, see Fig. 2. To
analyze the plots, every calculated result was placed horizontally according to its
average ranking across the collection of the evaluated instances. If the diﬀerence
between two values was smaller than the corresponding critical diﬀerence, than
the eﬃciency of those methods was evaluated equal, with no signiﬁcantly diﬀerences in terms of performance. This was illustrated in our graphics by horizontal
bars linking the respective metaheuristic algorithms.

Fig. 2. Critical diﬀerence plots of statistical diﬀerences of the achieved results for small,
medium and large instances

350

C. P. Sitar et al.

Based on the three CD diagrams for small, medium, and large instances
presented in Fig. 2, we draw the following conclusions:
– HGA consistently ranks as the best-performing algorithm across all instance
sizes (small, medium, and large). Its performance is robust and reliable.
– ACO2 and ACO3 perform well, being the second-best group in medium and
large instances. However, they lag slightly for small instances compared to
ACO1.
– ACO1 performs relatively well for small instances but falls behind ACO2 and
ACO3 for medium and large instances.
– The basic ACO algorithm consistently underperforms across all instance sizes,
suggesting it may not be well-suited for the problem or requires further optimization.

Fig. 3. Mean plot and LSD intervals of the achieved results for small, medium and
large instances.

A Comparative Analysis of the Algorithm Results

351

To evaluate the performance of the tested algorithms (ACO1, ACO2, ACO3,
ACO, and HGA) across diﬀerent problem instance sizes, we performed a statistical analysis using Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) followed by a Least Signiﬁcant
Diﬀerence (LSD) post-hoc test. These methods enable us to determine whether
the diﬀerences in algorithm performance are statistically signiﬁcant and to identify which speciﬁc algorithms outperform others. The results of the ANOVA and
LSD analyses are visualized in Fig. 3. This ﬁgure illustrates the distribution of
RPD values for each algorithm along with the 95% conﬁdence intervals for the
means, highlighted by the LSD bounds.
The ANOVA results, supported by the LSD post-hoc analysis, clearly demonstrate that HGA consistently outperforms the other algorithms across all problem sizes, showing both lower RPD values and less variability. Among the antcolony-based algorithms, ACO2 and ACO3 perform better than ACO1 and ACO,
with performance gaps becoming more pronounced in larger problem instances.
These ﬁndings emphasize the eﬀectiveness of the HGA for tackling the problem
under investigation.

5

Conclusions

The aim of this paper was to examine the characteristics of the existing metaheuristic algorithms for solving the two-stage supply chain network design (TSSCND) problem with ﬁxed costs: four ant colony optimization algorithms and a
hybrid genetic algorithm. Based on the performance comparison results, we conduct a systematic analysis of the considered solution approaches. The performed
analysis points out that the hybrid genetic algorithm has the best performance
regarding the count of obtained optimal solutions and the relative percentage
deviations. These ﬁndings were validated through statistical analysis.
Acknowledgments. This work was partially supported by GNaC 2023 ARUT grant
“Study of diploid memetic algorithms in solving the routing problems of electric and
heterogeneous vehicles”, Research Contract no. 29/01.07.2024, with the ﬁnancial support of the Technical University of Cluj-Napoca.

References
1. Balaji, A.N., Jawahar, N.: A simulated annealing algorithm for a two-stage ﬁxed
charge distribution problem of a supply chain. Int. J. Oper. Res. 7(2), 192–215
(2010)
2. Balinski, M.I.: Fixed-cost transportation problems. Naval Res. Logistics Q. 8, 41–
54 (1961)
3. Benavoli, A., Corani, G., Mangili, F.: Should we really use post-hoc tests based on
mean-ranks? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 17, 152–161 (2016)
4. Calvete, H., Gale, C., Iranzo, J.: An improved evolutionary algorithm for the twostage transportation problem with ﬁxed charge at depots. OR Spectrum 38, 189–
206 (2016)

352

C. P. Sitar et al.

5. Calvete, H., Gale, C., Iranzo, J., Toth, P.: A matheuristic for the two-stage ﬁxedcharge transportation problem. Comput. Oper. Res. 95, 113–122 (2018)
6. Cosma, O., Pop, P.C., Danciulescu, D.: A novel matheuristic approach for a twostage transportation problem with ﬁxed costs associated to the routes. Comput.
Oper. Res. 118, 104906 (2020)
7. Cosma, O., Pop, P.C., Danciulescu, D.: A parallel algorithm for solving a two-stage
ﬁxed-charge transportation problem. Informatica 31(4), 681–706 (2020)
8. Cosma, O., Pop, P.C., Sabo, C.: An eﬃcient hybrid genetic approach for solving
the two-stage supply chain network design problem with ﬁxed costs. Mathematics
8, 712 (2020)
9. Demšar, J.: Statistical comparisons of classiﬁers over multiple data sets. J. Mach.
Learn. Res. 7, 1–30 (2006)
10. Geoﬀrion, A.M., Graves, G.W.: Multicommodity distribution system design by
Benders decomposition. Manage. Sci. 20, 822–844 (1974)
11. Hong, J., Diabat, A., Panicker, V.V., Rajagopalan, S.: A two-stage supply chain
problem with ﬁxed costs: an ant colony optimization approach. Int. J. Prod. Econ.
204, 214–226 (2018)
12. Jawahar, N., Balaji, A.N.: A genetic algorithm for the two-stage supply chain
distribution problem associated with a ﬁxed charge. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 194, 496–
537 (2009)
13. Kacher, Y., Singh, P.: A comprehensive literature review on transportation problems. Int. J. Appl. Comput. Math. 7, 206 (2021)
14. Mostafa, A., Elshaer, R.: New ant colony optimization algorithms for designing
two-stage supply chain with ﬁxed costs. J. Adv. Manuf. Syst. 22(2), 359–372 (2023)
15. Mostafa, A., Moustafa, K., Elshaer, R.: Impact of ﬁxed cost increase on the optimization of two-stage sustainable supply chain networks. Sustainability 15, 13949
(2023)
16. Petrovan, A., Pop, P.C., Sabo, C., Zelina, I.: Novel two-level hybrid genetic algorithms based on diﬀerent Cayley-type encodings for solving the clustered shortestpath tree problem. Expert Syst. Appl. 215, 119372 (2023)
17. Pop, P.C., Sabo, C., Biesinger, B., Hu, B., Raidl, G.R.: Solving the two-stage
ﬁxed charge transportation problem with a hybrid genetic algorithm. Carpathian
J. Math. 33(3), 36–371 (2017)
18. Raj, K.A.A.D., Rajendran, C.: A genetic algorithm for solving the ﬁxed-charge
transportation model: two-stage problem. Comput. Oper. Res. 39, 2016–2032
(2012)
19. Sabo, C., Horvat-Marc, A., Pop, P.C.: Comments on “a two-stage supply chain
problem with ﬁxed costs: an ant colony optimization approach” by Hong et al. Int.
J. Prod. Econ. (2018). Creative Mathematics and Informatics, 28, 183–189 (2019)
20. Two Stage Transportation Problem Instances. https://sites.google.com/view/
tstpinstances/

Optimizing Supplier Performance: Advanced
Analytics and Predictive Modeling Approaches
Sarah Al Zaied, Faisal Issa, Tala Hassouna, and Dua Weraikat(B)
Rochester Institute of Technology-Dubai, Dubai, UAE
{sha3229,fmi8750}@g.rit.edu, {trh7022,dxwcad}@rit.edu

Abstract. Supplier selection is a fundamental aspect of supply chain management (SCM), playing a crucial role in enhancing operational efficiency, cost management, and overall performance. This study evaluates supplier performance
using advanced data analytics and predictive modeling techniques. Leveraging
a comprehensive dataset sourced from Microsoft Ignite, key performance metrics such as defect quantity, downtime, and categorical identifiers were analyzed
to uncover trends and actionable insights. Visualizations created using Power
BI dashboards highlighted critical performance trends, guiding targeted interventions for operational improvement. Various methodologies, including logistic regression, multinomial and ordinal regression, random forest models, and
Gaussian Naive Bayes, were applied using Minitab, Power BI, and Python to
explore the relationships between predictor variables and performance outcomes.
The initial analysis revealed limitations in linear models due to weak correlations
among categorical variables, prompting the adoption of multinomial and ordinal logistic approaches for improved classification accuracy. This study demonstrates how robust modeling and visualization frameworks can inform strategic
decision-making in supply chain management, fostering sustainable and adaptive supplier relationships. Despite these advancements, the findings emphasize
the necessity for further refinement to address complex interdependencies and
enhance predictive accuracy.
Keywords: Supplier Performance · Data Analytics · Predictive Modeling ·
Supply Chain Efficiency · Operational Productivity

1 Introduction
Supplier performance evaluation is crucial for enhancing supply chain efficiency, product quality, and overall organizational success. In high-tech industries, where supplier
decisions can account for up to 80% of operating costs, evaluating supplier performance impacts cost structure, profitability, and competitiveness [4]. Effective evaluation
reduces risks, optimizes operations, and fosters long-term strategic partnerships, helping
companies improve quality, meet customer demands, and stay competitive in customerdriven markets [4]. Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are essential tools in this process, offering insights into areas like quality, delivery, cost, innovation, and flexibility.
They enable continuous supplier monitoring and improvement, driving data-informed
decision-making and collaboration [1].
© The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 353–369, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_27

354

S. Al Zaied et al.

With the increasing availability of data and advanced analytical tools, companies
can adopt data-driven methods to streamline supplier evaluation and maximize supply
chain value. This case study uses a dataset from Microsoft Ignite [17], containing 6,145
entries per column, with performance indicators such as defect quantities, sub-category
ID, plant ID, vendor ID, material ID, defect type ID, material type ID, and downtime
in minutes. The study focuses on critical issues like defect rates and downtime, which
can disrupt manufacturing and inflate costs. Through data analysis, the study aims to
uncover patterns and correlations between these indicators and the performance metric,
providing valuable insights into supplier performance.
Beyond evaluation, this study highlights the broader impact of supplier performance
on cost optimization, downtime reduction, and supply chain resilience. By developing a
predictive evaluation model, it underscores the importance of strong performance frameworks in fostering collaboration and building a competitive, adaptive supply chain. The
findings will contribute to improving supplier performance and supporting sustainable
success across the supply chain.

2 Literature Review
2.1 Importance of Supplier Evaluation in Supply Chain Management
Supplier evaluation is key to supply chain management, aiming to improve efficiency,
align supplier practices with organizational goals, and address sustainability. Despite its
importance, several challenges persist, such as performance measurement gaps, environmental compliance, and strategic integration. Routroy and Pradhan (2020) emphasized
the necessity for tools to track performance and prioritize suppliers for better delivery reliability and efficiency. They employed Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and
Performance Value Analysis (PVA) to rank suppliers and identify gaps [1].
Zeydan et al. (2019) and Mahmoudi et al. (2021) highlighted the complexities of
incorporating sustainability into supplier evaluations. They introduced hybrid frameworks combining Fuzzy AHP and Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) [2, 7]. Cheng
and Carrillo (2018) underscored the role of partnerships in enhancing cost efficiency
and delivery using t-tests and ratio analysis [3]. Xia et al. (2020) focused on aligning
supplier metrics with strategic goals and reducing biases in evaluations by combining
AHP with fuzzy logic for consistent benchmarking [4].
Maestrini et al. (2017) stressed the importance of diagnostic tools for improved
collaboration and sustainability, utilizing Partial Least Squares (PLS) regression and
a dyadic survey [5]. Shen et al. (2016) and Chiarini (2015) addressed environmental
sustainability, including pollution control and resource efficiency, through frameworks
like the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and fuzzy Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) with sensitivity analysis [6, 8]. Chatterjee et al. (2021) examined the role of interdependencies and environmental metrics
in green supply chains using Rough Decision-Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) and Multi-Attribute Ideal-Real Comparative Analysis (MAIRCA)
[9]. Aksoy and Öztürk (2019) highlighted supplier classification challenges in Just-inTime (JIT) systems, focusing on reliability using Neural Networks [10]. Kang (2020)
discussed sustainability and operational issues in the semiconductor industry, applying

Optimizing Supplier Performance

355

a hybrid AHP-DEA framework [11]. Dey et al. (2018) and Ho et al. (2019) explored
operational inefficiencies such as poor delivery and inventory mismanagement, combining Quality Function Deployment (QFD) and AHP, and using regression analysis and
DEMATE [12, 15]. Finally, Sluis and De Giovanni (2019) examined the impact of trust,
integration, and flexibility on supplier contracts and performance using multinomial
logistic regression [16].
2.2 Addressing Supplier Evaluation Complexities
This research adopts a combination of advanced methodologies to address gaps in supplier evaluation. Inspired by Chiarini’s “Environmental Policies for Evaluating Suppliers’ Performance Based on GRI Indicators” [8], data preprocessing techniques, including
linearity tests, scatter plots, and correlation analysis, were applied to assess relationships
and trends among supplier attributes. Logistic regression, as employed by Ho et al. in
“Using Modified IPA to Evaluate Supplier Performance” [15], was used to model the
relationship between key supplier attributes and performance outcomes, identifying the
most impactful factors.
Multinomial regression, following the approach of Sluis and De Giovanni in “The
Selection of Contracts in Supply Chains: An Empirical Analysis” [16], was applied to
evaluate and rank suppliers based on multiple categorical criteria, such as sustainability and reliability. Additional techniques, such as Naive Bayes and ordinal regression,
enhanced predictive accuracy and provided insights into ordinal data. Finally, Random
Forest models, inspired by Aksoy and Öztürk’s “Supplier Selection and Performance
Evaluation in Just-in-Time Production Environments” [10], were employed for classification tasks to group suppliers into performance tiers. These methodologies offer a
comprehensive framework for evaluating supplier performance, addressing operational,
strategic, and sustainability dimensions.
The reviewed literature highlights the persistent challenges and complexities in aligning supplier performance with operational, environmental, and strategic objectives. The
integration of advanced tools and methodologies in supplier evaluation is crucial for
informed decision-making and fostering sustainable, competitive supply chains. The
findings are summarized in Table 1.
Table 1. Review of Literature on Supplier Selection and Data Analytics
Article

Findings

Methodologies Used

[1]

Improved cost reduction and quality
management through prioritizing suppliers
and identifying underperformers

AHP, PVA, Desirability
Performance Index (DPI)

[2]

Balanced qualitative and quantitative data,
Fuzzy AHP, DEA, Fuzzy TOPSIS
prioritizing environmental sustainability and
operational reliability

[3]

Partnerships enhanced cost efficiency,
delivery performance, and profitability by
fostering transparency and mutual benefits

T-tests, Ratio Analysis

(continued)

356

S. Al Zaied et al.
Table 1. (continued)

Article

Findings

Methodologies Used

[4]

Supplier metrics aligned with strategic
goals, reducing subjective biases and
ensuring consistent benchmarking

AHP, Fuzzy Logic Framework

[5]

SPMS frameworks improved collaboration,
innovation, and sustainability outcomes
through diagnostic and interactive
approaches

Dyadic Survey, PLS Regression
Analysis

[6]

Identified pollution control, resource
efficiency, and eco-design as critical factors
for sustainable supplier selection in the
automotive sector

Fuzzy TOPSIS, Sensitivity Analysis

[7]

Highlighted sustainability as a key criterion DEA, Ordinal Priority Approach
for supplier evaluation, emphasizing the role (OPA)
of expert opinions and data variability

[8]

Emissions, effluents, and waste (EEW)
identified as critical metrics for supplier
evaluation, guiding compliance and
sustainability priorities

Multiple Linear Regression, GRI
Indicator Analysis, Scatterplot,
Correlation Matrix

[9]

Improved objectivity in green supplier
selection, emphasizing environmental
performance and interdependencies in
electronics manufacturing

Rough DEMATEL-ANP, MAIRCA

[10]

Neural Networks effectively classified
suppliers and ensured reliability in JIT
environments, focusing on quality, delivery,
and cost criteria

Neural Networks (NN), JIT
Optimization

[11]

Balanced operational and sustainability
challenges in the semiconductor industry
through effective supplier evaluation

AHP-DEA Hybrid Framework

[12]

Reduced inventory, faster production cycles, QFD-AHP, Stakeholder Feedback,
and increased profitability by addressing
Statistical Validation
both leading and lagging supplier evaluation
factors

[13]

Aligning supplier selection with strategic
roles improved outcomes in cost, flexibility,
and innovation, supporting long-term
purchasing success

Path Analysis, Strategic Purchasing
Framework

[14]

Addressed performance gaps and ensured
sustainable improvements in supplier
performance by integrating Six Sigma
methodologies

Six Sigma DMAIC, AHP, Kano’s
Model

(continued)

Optimizing Supplier Performance

357

Table 1. (continued)
Article

Findings

Methodologies Used

[15]

Identified quality conformance and delivery
speed as critical factors for competitiveness
in Taiwan’s computer manufacturing sector

Regression Analysis, DEMATEL,
Modified IPA

3 Methodology
This analysis evaluates supplier performance using the Microsoft Power BI Sample
- Supplier Quality Analysis dataset [17], which includes 6,145 records per column.
It offers a comprehensive foundation for assessing key performance indicators (KPIs)
such as efficiency, defect rates, downtime, and overall quality management. The dataset
contains categorical variables like Sub-category ID, Vendor ID, Plant ID, Material ID,
Material Type ID, Defect ID, and Defect Type ID, enabling supplier classification and
segmentation. Additionally, it includes quantitative variables such as defect quantity and
downtime in minutes. The primary target variable, Defect Quantity, is used to predict
performance trends. This analysis uncovers patterns and provides actionable insights to
improve supplier management.
Before analysing the data, Power BI was used to create an interactive data model
for visualizing trends. Four dashboards were developed to assess performance metrics:
vendor and plant performance, subcategory-specific trends, and comparisons. The Vendor Dashboard analysed defect quantities and downtime, the Plant Dashboard identified
operational improvements, the Subcategory Dashboard examined logistics, and the Comparative Dashboard highlighted patterns across vendors and plants, providing real-time
insights for data-driven decisions.
Data pre-processing involved cleaning the dataset for consistency. The data did not
contain any missing values or duplications and it was completely clean. Most variables
were categorical (e.g., subcategory ID, plant ID, vendor ID), while downtime in minutes
and defect quantity were discrete. A correlation matrix (Fig. 1) was also used to identify
multicollinearity and irrelevant features. Scatterplots generated in Minitab (Fig. 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8 and 9) examined relationships between these variables and defect quantity,
the initial target variable. The plots revealed no linear relationships, ruling out linear
regression as a predictive model.

358

S. Al Zaied et al.

Fig. 1. Correlation Matrix

Fig. 2. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Sub Category
ID

Fig. 3. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Plant ID

Fig. 4. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Vendor ID

Fig. 5. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Material ID

A performance metric was introduced to simplify supplier evaluation using thresholds for defect quantity and downtime. Suppliers were classified as low-performing if
defect quantity exceeded 5127 or downtime surpassed 20 min, and high-performing if
both thresholds were met. Logistic regression was performed in Python using defect

Optimizing Supplier Performance

359

Fig. 6. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Defect Type Fig. 7. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Material
Type ID
ID

Fig. 8. Scatterplot Defect Qty vs Defect ID

Fig. 9. Scatterplot Defect Qty v s Downtime
min

quantity, downtime, subcategory ID, and material ID, and others as predictors. While
the model converged efficiently and highlighted key indicators, the binary metric and
logistics regression lacked depth, limiting analysis.
To address this, a refined metric categorized suppliers into three levels: high, medium,
and low performance and used to perform multinomial regression. High performers had
minimal downtime and defects, medium performers met acceptable thresholds, and low
performers exceeded limits. Then, ordinal regression was applied to capture the ordered
nature of performance levels, offering a more granular analysis.
Random Forest analysis was then conducted to uncover complex relationships in
the dataset. This method effectively identified hidden patterns, including a previously
unnoticed link between material type and supplier performance, providing new insights
into efficiency factors. Lastly, Gaussian Naive Bayes was applied as a predictive tool.
Assuming defect quantity and downtime followed a Gaussian distribution, it efficiently
classified supplier performance into specific categories. The model offered probabilistic,
interpretable results, complementing logistic regression by capturing trends in the data.
By integrating logistic regression, ordinal regression, Random Forest, and Gaussian
Naive Bayes, the analysis provided a comprehensive evaluation of supplier performance.
Key factors like defect quantity, downtime, and material type were identified, delivering
actionable insights to improve efficiency and supply chain resilience.

360

S. Al Zaied et al.

4 Results, Analysis and Discussion
Before proceeding with the dataset analysis, using PowerBI, dashboards were created
to help visualize key data metrics and identify initial trends (Fig. 10).

Fig. 10. Data Model in PowerBI

The “Vendor Analysis” dashboard offers a clear view of supplier performance by
analysing total defect quantity and downtime minutes across categories like Electrical,
Logistics, and Mechanical. Bar charts display defect quantities and downtime for each
vendor, complemented by a detailed table for precise metrics. This tool helps identify
disruptions, supporting informed supplier management. The analysis reveals Quotelane
as the top contributor to defects, exceeding 2.1 million, primarily from Electrical and
Materials & Components. However, Quotelane has moderate downtime compared to
Plustax and Reddit, which show fewer defects but higher downtime. Saazoomtex and
Recode have zero downtime despite notable defects, reflecting efficient recovery processes. These insights enable targeted improvements in supplier performance and supply
chain efficiency (Fig. 11).

Fig. 11. Vendor Analysis

Optimizing Supplier Performance

361

The “Plant Analysis” dashboard evaluates plant performance by analysing total
defect quantities and downtime minutes across plant IDs and categories. Bar charts
offer a high-level overview, while scatter plots reveal maximum downtime and defect
contributions by material type. A detailed table breaks down these metrics to identify
inefficiencies.
Plant 7 leads in defects, exceeding 6.6 million, driven by Electrical and Materials &
Components, but maintains relatively low downtime (11,488 min), indicating effective
recovery processes. Plant 3 follows with 3.8 million defects, primarily in Logistics and
Electrical, and the highest downtime at over 17,000 min. Scatter plots highlight Electrical
and Mechanical as key contributors to peaks in defects and downtime. These insights
guided further analysis by prioritizing audits and interventions to enhance supply chain
stability and operational efficiency (Fig. 12).

Fig. 12. Plant Analysis

In the data pre-processing phase, relationships between categorical variables were
examined using scatterplots and a correlation matrix. Since all variables are categorical,
scatterplots do not exhibit a linear relationship, as noted in the methodology section.
The absence of linear trends suggests that linear regression is unsuitable for predicting
supplier performance.
The correlation matrix shows generally weak correlations, with the highest being
between Vendor ID and Material ID (0.329), indicating a small to moderate positive
relationship. Most correlations are close to zero, reflecting minimal linear dependence
among variables. Specifically, Downtime and Defect Quantity, two key performance
metrics, show very weak or no correlation with other variables.
Given the lack of significant correlations and linearity, logistic regression was deemed
more suitable for predicting performance outcomes using a binary performance metric,
as detailed in the methodology. Python Colab was used for all analyses, with the logistic
regression model predicting the likelihood of an acceptable supplier performance rank
based on key predictors shown in Fig. 13.
The analysis identified several significant predictors of supplier performance. Subcategory_ID had a positive, highly significant coefficient (p < 0.001), indicating that

362

S. Al Zaied et al.

Fig. 14. Odds Ratio

Fig. 13. Logistics Regression Iteration 1

suppliers in certain subcategories are more likely to achieve acceptable rankings. This
suggests that subcategory-specific factors, such as product complexity or specialization, play a key role. Similarly, Plant_ID contributed positively to rankings (p < 0.05),
highlighting the impact of plant-level factors like operational efficiency or geographic
advantages.
In contrast, Material_Type_ID showed a negative and significant coefficient for some
material types, indicating that material selection can adversely affect performance by
increasing defect rates and downtime. Downtime itself was a significant negative predictor, aligning with expectations that increased downtime disrupts production timelines
and quality standards.
The model’s pseudo R-squared value of 0.9062 suggests it explains 90.62% of the
variation, but this likely indicates overfitting, as reflected in the low test accuracy of
37.1%. This underscores the need for model refinement or incorporating nonlinear effects
to improve predictions. The odds ratios from the logistic regression, detailed in Fig. 14,
provide further insights into each predictor’s influence on achieving an acceptable rank.
The odds ratio analysis highlights key factors influencing supplier performance.
Sub_Category_ID and Plant_ID, with odds ratios above 1, indicate that specialized subcategories and plants with better process control are more likely to achieve acceptable
performance. Conversely, Material_Type_ID, with odds ratios below 1, reflects a negative impact due to higher defect rates or inefficiencies. Downtime, with a significantly low
odds ratio, emerges as a critical factor, where increases drastically reduce performance
likelihood, emphasizing the need to minimize downtime and align material selection
with processes.
While the analysis identifies key improvement areas, logistic regression shows limitations. Including defect quantity and downtime inflated the Pseudo R-squared (0.9062)
since these variables directly define the performance metric. Excluding them reduced it to
0.02735, revealing the model’s inability to predict performance using Sub_Category_ID,
Material_ID, Plant_ID, and Material_Type_ID alone. This highlights the need for alternative models, like multinomial, ordinal regression or random forest, to better capture
nonlinear relationships and provide reliable insights into supplier performance (Fig. 15).

Optimizing Supplier Performance

363

Fig. 15. Logistics Regression Iteration 2

To address the limitations of the binary logistic regression model, a multinomial
regression was conducted using the new target variable, New_Metric, which classified
performance into three levels: high-performing (rank 1), medium-performing (rank 2),
and low-performing (rank 3). This approach provided a more detailed analysis of the
relationship between predictors and performance outcomes, uncovering patterns missed
by the binary model.
The multinomial logistic regression results (Fig. 16) revealed a statistically significant model (LLR p-value = 2.693e-113), confirming the collective influence of predictors like Sub Category ID, Plant ID, Material ID, and Material Type ID on performance.
However, the low pseudo R-squared value (0.04215) indicates the model explains only
4.2% of performance variability, suggesting unaccounted factors.
Plant ID showed a significant negative relationship with performance levels 2 and 3,
underscoring the impact of plant-specific characteristics on outcomes. Material ID had
statistically significant but small coefficients, indicating a minor influence, while Sub
Category ID was not significant, playing a limited role in rankings. Material Type ID
was significant for both performance levels, with negative coefficients highlighting its
role in performance differences.
While the multinomial model offered insights into performance variability, its low
explanatory power and inability to account for ranking order highlight the need for additional predictors or advanced techniques. Nonetheless, it provides a deeper understanding of supplier performance and identifies key areas for further analysis and operational
improvements.

364

S. Al Zaied et al.

Fig. 16. Multinomial Regression

To better capture the ordinal nature of the supplier performance metric, ordinal
logistic & probit regression models were employed, as shown in Fig. 18. These models are
designed to analyze ranked outcomes, such as New_Metric, while respecting the ordered
structure of the response variable. This approach provided a nuanced understanding of
the predictors’ influence.
The evaluation revealed critical insights into the relationship between categorical
predictors and the ordinal response variable. Variance Inflation Factor (VIF) values were
all below 5, indicating minimal multicollinearity. In the logistic model, Sub Category
ID and Plant ID showed significant positive coefficients (p < 0.01), demonstrating a
strong association with higher supplier performance rankings. Material Type ID, also
significant (p < 0.01), had a negative coefficient, highlighting its adverse impact on
performance. The thresholds for rank boundaries were highly significant, confirming
the robustness of the model’s segmentation.
The probit regression yielded similar findings but with slight differences in coefficient
magnitudes and standard errors. It showed a marginally better fit (AIC = 8750, BIC
= 8788) compared to the logistic model (AIC = 8773, BIC = 8811), suggesting a
slight preference for modeling the latent variable underlying supplier performance. Both
models demonstrated moderate precision, recall, and F1 scores across ranks, with overall
accuracy at approximately 42%, pointing to opportunities for improvement through
feature engineering or adding explanatory variables.
These results emphasize the critical roles of supplier-specific categories and plant
operations in shaping performance outcomes, providing actionable insights for strategic
supply chain optimization (Figs. 17 and 18).
Since the data provided is complex in its nature, it is highly possible that there are
some relationships which are not being captured in the regression models. Hence, a
Random Forest model was utilized to capture these complex relationships. The random forest model was utilized to evaluate the importance of four key predictors—Sub
Category ID, Plant ID, Material ID, and Material Type ID—in determining supplier
performance. To refine the model and identify the most impactful set of variables, two
additional configurations were tested: one excluding Material ID and another excluding

Optimizing Supplier Performance

365

Fig. 18. Ordinal Regression (2)

Fig. 17. Ordinal Regression (1)

Material Type ID. This approach aimed to determine which combination of predictors
achieved the highest accuracy and offered the most reliable insights for performance
evaluation.
The original model, incorporating all four predictors, demonstrated balanced feature
importance, with Material ID emerging as the most influential variable, followed by
Material Type ID, Plant ID, and Sub Category ID. This configuration achieved an overall accuracy of 69.4%, highlighting its robust predictive capability. The classification
metrics also indicated strong precision, recall, and F1-scores, confirming the value of
incorporating all predictors in the model (Figs. 19 and 20).

Fig. 19. Classification Report; Four
Variables

Fig. 20. Feature Importance

When Material ID was excluded, the model’s accuracy dropped slightly to 58%.
While Material Type ID gained prominence in feature importance, the absence of Material ID reduced the model’s ability to capture critical patterns in the dataset. Similarly,
excluding Material Type ID in Fig. 23 & Fig. 24 resulted in an accuracy of 68%, though
the model’s predictive performance across specific categories varied slightly. Both modifications highlighted the essential roles that Material ID and Material Type ID play in
accurately predicting supplier performance (Figs. 21 and 22).
Based on this analysis, the original model with all four predictors proved to be
the most effective for evaluating supplier performance. Its higher accuracy and balanced

366

S. Al Zaied et al.

Fig. 22. Feature Importance
Fig. 21. Classification Report; Material
ID Excluded

Fig. 24. Feature Importance
Fig. 23. Classification Report; Material
Type ID Excluded

feature importance provided a comprehensive understanding of the variables influencing
performance. The results highlight that both Material ID and Material Type ID are
essential for capturing the complexities of supplier metrics, and excluding either weakens
the model’s predictive power and interpretability.
Another methodology employed, as outlined in the methodology section, was the
Naïve Bayes classifier. This probabilistic model assumes conditional independence
among predictors. Despite this simplifying assumption, it performs well in many cases
by leveraging probabilities for classification. In the context of supplier performance, the
Naïve Bayes model used the predictors shown below to compute posterior probabilities
for acceptable or unacceptable rankings. It calculated these probabilities by combining
the likelihood of each predictor, as demonstrated in the Python output provided.
The Naive Bayes model provides probabilistic predictions, such as a near-certain
likelihood (e.g., 99.9%) of acceptable performance under specific conditions like downtime = 3 and material type = 2. These probabilities enable scenario analysis and targeted
decision-making by highlighting the conditional effects of predictors like downtime and

Optimizing Supplier Performance

367

material selection. Small changes in these factors can significantly shift performance
likelihoods, offering actionable insights for operational strategies.
The Gaussian Naive Bayes classifier achieved 99.4% accuracy on the test dataset,
effectively distinguishing between acceptable and unacceptable outcomes. Precision,
recall, and F1-scores were 0.99 for both “No” and “Yes” classes, demonstrating the
model’s reliability in minimizing false positives and negatives. The dataset’s balance contributed to this performance, and the algorithm’s simplicity allowed rapid computations
without sacrificing accuracy.
However, the model’s assumption of predictor independence may oversimplify realworld complexities, as correlations between predictors like plant location and material type might influence results. Future iterations could explore feature interactions to
address this limitation. Despite this, the model is an efficient and interpretable tool
for supplier performance classification, with exceptional accuracy and potential for
refinement (Figs. 25 and 26).

Fig. 25. Naive Bayes Score

Fig. 26. Yes, No predictions graph

5 Conclusion and Recommendations
This project explored various data analysis methods to understand supplier performance
and identify key factors in supply chain efficiency. Logistic regression provided insights
into how Plant ID and Material Type ID influence performance, but its binary framework highlighted the need for more nuanced approaches. Multinomial logistic regression
added three performance levels, revealing variability across suppliers, but its low pseudo
R-squared suggested the need for more data.
Ordinal logistic and probit regression models respected performance rankings and
showed that Plant ID and Sub Category ID positively contribute to performance, while
Material Type ID has a negative effect. Probit regression offered a slightly better fit,
but both models had limitations. Random Forest, with 69.4% accuracy, captured nonlinear relationships and identified Material ID and Plant ID as key factors. Gaussian
Naive Bayes excelled in binary classification with 99.4% accuracy but assumed predictor
independence, limiting its real-world application.

368

S. Al Zaied et al.

To improve evaluation, expanding the dataset with additional metrics and using
advanced models like Gradient Boosting or Neural Networks will better capture complex relationships. Focusing on high-impact materials and plants can yield immediate
benefits, while an integrated framework combining predictive analytics and actionable
metrics will drive long-term supplier development. Implementing these recommendations will refine evaluation processes, offer deeper insights, and strengthen supply chain
strategies for greater efficiency and adaptability in a changing market.

References
1. Routroy, S., Pradhan, S.K.: Analyzing the performance of supplier development: a case study.
Int. J. Product. Perform. Manag. 63(2), 209–233 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1108/ijppm-092012-0106
2. Zeydan, M., Çolpan, C., Çobanoğlu, C.: A combined methodology for supplier selection
and performance evaluation. Expert Syst. Appl. 38(3), 2741–2751 (2011). https://doi.org/10.
1016/j.eswa.2010.08.064
3. Cheng, L., Carrillo, E.E.: Assessing supplier performances under partnership in project-type
procurement. Industr. Manage. Data Syst. 112(2), 290–312 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1108/
02635571211204308
4. Xia, L.X.X., Ma, B., Lim, R.: Supplier performance measurement in a supply chain (2008).
https://doi.org/10.1109/indin.2008.4618224
5. Maestrini, V., Luzzini, D., Caniato, F., Maccarrone, P., Ronchi, S.: The impact of supplier performance measurement systems on supplier performance. Int. J. Oper. Prod. Manag. 38(11),
2040–2061 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1108/ijopm-10-2016-0589
6. Shen, L., Olfat, L., Govindan, K., Khodaverdi, R., Diabat, A.: A fuzzy multi criteria approach for evaluating green supplier’s performance in green supply chain with linguistic preferences. Resour. Conserv. Recycl. 74, 170–179 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.resconrec.
2012.09.006
7. Mahmoudi, A., Abbasi, M., Deng, X.: Evaluating the performance of the suppliers using
hybrid DEA-OPA model: a sustainable development perspective. Group Decis. Negot. (2021).
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10726-021-09770-x
8. Chiarini, A.: Environmental policies for evaluating suppliers’ performance based on GRI
indicators. Bus. Strateg. Environ. 26(1), 98–111 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1002/bse.1907
9. Chatterjee, K., Pamucar, D., Zavadskas, E.K.: Evaluating the performance of suppliers based
on using the R’AMATEL-MAIRCA method for green supply chain implementation in electronics industry. J. Clean. Prod. 184, 101–129 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2018.
02.186
10. Aksoy, A., Öztürk, N.: Supplier selection and performance evaluation in just-in-time production environments. Expert Syst. Appl. 38(5), 6351–6359 (2011). https://doi.org/10.1016/
j.eswa.2010.11.104
11. Kang, H., Lee, A.H.I.: A new supplier performance evaluation model. Kybernetes 39(1),
37–54 (2010). https://doi.org/10.1108/03684921011021264
12. Dey, P.K., Bhattacharya, A., Ho, W., Clegg, B.: Strategic supplier performance evaluation:
a case-based action research of a UK manufacturing organisation. Int. J. Prod. Econ. 166,
192–214 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijpe.2014.09.021
13. Nair, A., Jayaram, J., Das, A.: Strategic purchasing participation, supplier selection, supplier
evaluation and purchasing performance. Int. J. Prod. Res. 53(20), 6263–6278 (2015). https://
doi.org/10.1080/00207543.2015.1047983

Optimizing Supplier Performance

369

14. Fırat, S.Ü.O., Akan, M.Ö.A., Ersoy, E., Gök, S., Ünal, U.: A six sigma DMAIC process for
supplier performance evaluation using AHP and Kano’s model. Int. J. Bus. Anal. 4(2), 37–61
(2017). https://doi.org/10.4018/ijban.2017040103
15. Ho, L.-H., Feng, S.-Y., Lee, Y.-C., Yen, T.-M.: Using modified IPA to evaluate supplier’s
performance: multiple regression analysis and DEMATEL approach. Expert Syst. Appl. 39(8),
7102–7109 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2012.01.034
16. Sluis, S., De Giovanni, P.: The selection of contracts in supply chains: an empirical analysis.
J. Oper. Manag. 41(1), 1–11 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jom.2015.10.002
17. maggiesMSFT. Supplier Quality Analysis sample for Power BI: Take a tour - Power BI.
learn.microsoft.com (2023). https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/create-reports/sam
ple-supplier-quality

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML)
and Artificial Intelligence (AI)
in Pharmaceutical Supply Chain (PSC)
Resilience: Identifying Gaps and Future
Research Directions
Dua Weraikat1(B)

and Shireen Al-Hourani2

1 Rochester Institute of Technology, Dubai, Dubai, UAE

dxwcad@rit.edu

2 University Canada West, Vancouver, Canada

shireen.al-hourani@ucanwest.ca

Abstract. The resilience of the pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) is crucial to
ensure the continuous availability of essential medicines and other products, particularly during logistics disruptions. This article presents a systematic review
of the literature on machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) techniques and their importance to PSC resilience. By analyzing existing literature
from multiple databases, including Web of Science and IEEE Xplore, over the
past five years, we identified key areas where ML and AI have been effectively
utilized. These areas include demand forecasting, risk management, and inventory
optimization. This review also highlights significant research gaps and proposes
future directions for investigation. Our findings suggest that while ML and AI
offer promising solutions for improving supply chain resilience, there is a need
for more studies that integrate various ML and AI approaches into PSC. Our analysis reveals that there are no clear government regulations related to the usage of
ML or AI in PSC, no robust real-world applications addressing the challenges of
adopting these technologies, and no clear predictive models to assess their impact
on PSC resilience. This ongoing work aims to provide a foundation for future
research, ultimately fostering more adaptive and resilient PSCs.
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Supply Chain · Resilience · Artificial Intelligence
(AI) · Machine Learning (ML)

1 Introduction
The Pharmaceutical Supply Chain (PSC) is critical to ensuring the continuous availability of medications and health products to populations around the globe. As a complex
network involving manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, and healthcare providers, the
PSC must balance the demand and supply of pharmaceutical products, manage inventories, and maintain regulatory compliance. The COVID-19 pandemic exposed significant
© The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 370–382, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_28

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

371

vulnerabilities and complexities inherent within the PSC and revealed significant challenges such as supply disruptions, logistical inefficiencies, and demand surges. These
issues highlight the urgent need for innovative solutions to enhance the PSC’s robustness
and reliability [1].
Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) offer promising solutions
to the above-mentioned challenges. Integrating ML and AI into the PSC can transform
data analysis and decision-making processes, providing predictive insights and automation that significantly enhance efficiency and resilience [2]. For instance, ML algorithms
can be employed to forecast demand, optimize inventory levels, and streamline logistics, reducing the risk of stockouts and overstock situations [3]. AI-driven analytics can
improve supply chain visibility, enabling better risk management and response to disruptions. Moreover, AI technologies such as natural language processing and computer
vision can enhance regulatory compliance and quality control processes or government
regulations, ensuring pharmaceutical products’ safe and timely delivery [4].
Integrating ML and AI into PSC comes however with its set of challenges. These
include concerns over data privacy, the substantial investment required for technology
and infrastructure, and the need to seamlessly adopt AI systems with existing supply
chain processes. Despite these obstacles, the potential benefits, such as improved operational efficiency, cost savings, and better patient outcomes, highlight the crucial role of
ML and AI in building a resilient PSC [5].
This review focuses on reviewing the available literature to identify the gaps in
understanding related to the application of ML and AI in PSC resilience. In addition to
that, this work aims to provide future research directions that can guide researchers in
addressing the critical challenges and opportunities in this field.

2 Literature Review
The pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) is a complex network that requires robust strategies to ensure resilience and sustainability, especially during disruptions such as disease
outbreaks or global crises. ML and AI have emerged as a powerful tool to optimize various aspects of the supply chain, from supplier selection to inventory management and
risk mitigation. By leveraging ML algorithms, pharmaceutical companies can improve
demand forecasting, optimize inventory management, and streamline logistics, thereby
reducing the risk of stockouts and overstock situations [1, 2]. While there is almost
nothing in the literature related to using machine learning to improve resilience in PSC,
its potential can be inferred from its application in other supply chains.
2.1 Demand Forecasting and Inventory Management
Accurate demand forecasting is crucial for maintaining high performance in PSCs. LuhPutu et al. [6] demonstrated that ML algorithms, such as random forest and simple
trees, significantly enhance demand forecasting accuracy, with improvements ranging
from 10% to 41%. Similarly, Fourkiotis and Tsadiras [7] compared traditional statistical methods with advanced ML techniques like LSTM neural networks and XGBoost,

372

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

finding that ML models performed better than traditional methods in predicting pharmaceutical sales. These studies emphasize the potential of ML to optimize production,
storage, and distribution strategies in the pharmaceutical industry that can untimely
improve PSC resilience.
Integrating ML with frameworks like the Supply Chain Operations Reference
(SCOR) model can significantly enhance inventory management through supplier selection and order allocation. The gradient boosting algorithm has been shown to effectively
classify and rank suppliers based on acceptability scores, aiding in the selection of the
most resilient and sustainable suppliers [8, 9]. Recently, Angula and Dongo [10] proposed a decision support framework combining fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making
techniques with multi-objective programming to optimize supplier selection and order
allocation, considering both sustainability and resilience. The model focused on forecasting medication demand and supply in public healthcare systems. Their findings
indicate that linear regression and random forest models are predominant in predicting
medication quantities, despite challenges such as data entry inaccuracies and organizational barriers. The study highlighted the need for further research to improve forecasting
algorithms and incorporate additional patient-associated factors.
2.2 Risk Management and Resilience Analytics
ML and AI can play a crucial role in enhancing supply chain resilience by developing capabilities such as transparency, last-mile delivery, and agile procurement strategies. These technologies help minimize the impact of disruptions and offer personalized
solutions to stakeholders which can enhance supply chain risk management through
quicker responses to disruptions [4]. Furthermore, simulation-based approaches can
model complex supply chain environments, allowing for better decision-making and
trade-offs between robustness, operational efficiency, and environmental concerns [11].
For example, Golan et al. [12] advocated using resilience analytics to model and enhance
the vaccine supply chain’s ability to predict, absorb, recover, and adapt to disruptions.
Their research highlights the importance of AI-driven analytics in improving supply
chain transparency and agility. Predictive analytics using ML algorithms can also forecast disease outbreaks, enabling adjustments in supply chain operations to manage risks
effectively.
Lately, Kamran et al. [13] developed a stochastic multi-objective, multi-period, and
multi-commodity simulation-optimization model to address the complexities of vaccine
production and distribution, incorporating system dynamics to estimate vaccine demand.
Likewise, Kochakkashani et al. [14] developed a robust supply chain model to manage
uncertainties in vaccine and pharmaceutical distribution during the COVID-19 crisis,
emphasizing the importance of flexibility and adaptability in supply chain planning.
Their model integrates ML techniques to optimize inventory levels and ensure a resilient
supply chain.
2.3 Digitalization and Advanced Technologies
Digitalizing supply chain systems using machine learning and other digital technologies
can lead to more sustainable and resilient operations. Strategies such as identifying

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

373

constraints, following a digital roadmap, and maintaining agile systems are essential for
improving the delivery and quality of pharmaceutical products without compromising
sustainability [9, 10]. The integration of blockchain and AI as analyzed by Charles
et al. [15], highlighted their potential to enhance supply chain security, efficiency, and
productivity. They found that blockchain could provide a secure, transparent ledger for
tracking pharmaceutical products, while AI algorithms optimize various supply chain
processes.
Marmolejo-Saucedo [16] explored the integration of digital twins in supply chains,
which can improve inventory management by providing real-time data and predictive
analytics. This approach helps in dynamically adjusting replenishment policies, thereby
reducing operating costs and enhancing responsiveness to environmental changes. The
adoption of Industry 4.0 technologies, such as IoT and automation, further enhances
supply chain visibility and flexibility. Qader et al. [17] used structural equation modelling to analyze the relationships between Industry 4.0 adoption, supply chain resilience
(SCRes), and supply chain performance (SCP), finding that these technologies significantly enhance both resilience and performance. Recent studies have highlighted the
effectiveness of these approaches.
2.4 Future Directions and Challenges
The literature indicates a growing interest in applying ML and AI to enhance PSC
resilience. Future research should focus on developing comprehensive resilience frameworks, integrating advanced technologies, and addressing data security challenges.
Empirical studies are needed to validate the conceptual benefits of these technologies
and explore their practical implications in diverse healthcare settings. For example,
Jauhar et al. [18] proposed a no-code AI approach to predict and minimize inventory
distortions, making ML accessible to non-technical users and enhancing supply chain
resilience. Rehman and Ali [19] used Multi-Criteria Decision-Making (MCDM) techniques in a fuzzy environment to prioritize resilience strategies for healthcare supply
chains, emphasizing the importance of advanced decision-making techniques.

3 Methodology
The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA was
adopted to ensure a structured and transparent review process [20]. The methodology
encompassed four key phases: identification, screening, eligibility, and data extraction.
These phases were meticulously executed to identify relevant articles, evaluate their
quality, and extract valuable insights for analysis. The primary aim of this review is to
investigate the impact of ML and AI techniques in enhancing PSC resilience. Specifically,
the focus was on identifying their applications, assessing their impact on various PSC
resilience dimensions, and highlighting significant research gaps.
3.1 Search Strategy
A comprehensive search was conducted across two major databases, Web of Science and
IEEE Xplore Digital Library, to retrieve relevant peer-reviewed articles and conference

374

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

proceedings from the past five years. The search strategy employed combinations of
Boolean operators and keywords. The detailed search protocol is summarized in Table 1.
Table 1. Keyword Search Protocol
Search Protocol

Data Type

Electronic Database

Web of Science, IEEE Xplore

Keywords and combination 1

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical”

Keywords and combination 2

“Pharmaceutical “AND “Supply Chain” AND “Artificial
intelligence”

Keywords and combination 3

“Pharmaceutical” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Machine
learning”

Keywords and combination 4

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical”
AND “ Artificial Intelligence”

Keywords and combination 5

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical”
AND “ Machine learning”

The inclusion and exclusion criteria, as outlined in Table 2, were developed to ensure
the relevance and quality of the selected studies.
Table 2. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria
Inclusion Criteria

Exclusion Criteria

Studies containing keywords mentioned in
Table 1

Papers not relevant to the topic

Studies integrating Al or ML with PSC
resilience

Studies focused on industries unrelated to
health or pharmaceutical sectors

Studies showcasing real-case applications of
AI/ML in PSC and/or resilience
Peer-reviewed articles and conference
proceedings

Duplicates
Press articles
Book chapters
Work published before 2019

3.2 Screening and Eligibility Process
The initial search results for each database and keyword combination are detailed in
Table 3. The search initially yielded 270 articles. After removing duplicates, 223 articles
remained and were screened based on their titles and abstracts for relevance. Following this, full-text eligibility assessments were conducted for 76 studies, with 69 being
excluded due to misalignment with the inclusion criteria (e.g., irrelevant focus, insufficient methodological detail). Ultimately, 7 studies met the criteria and were included
for detailed analysis. This limited number of relevant articles supports the necessity and
rationale for this research.

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

375

Table 3. Initial Search Results
Search Protocol

Data Type

Electronic Database

Web of Science

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical”

108

“Pharmaceutical “AND “Supply Chain” AND “Artificial intelligence”

37

“Pharmaceutical” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Machine learning”

49

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical” AND “ Artificial 5
Intelligence”
“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical” AND “ Machine 3
learning”
Electronic Database

IEEE Xplore

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical”

10

“Pharmaceutical “AND “Supply Chain” AND “Artificial intelligence”

27

“Pharmaceutical” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Machine learning”

31

“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical” AND “ Artificial 0
Intelligence”
“Resilien*” AND “Supply Chain” AND “Pharmaceutical” AND “ Machine 0
learning”

The study selection process is summarized in a PRISMA flow diagram (see Fig. 1),
which outlines the number of studies identified, screened, assessed for eligibility, and
included in the final review.

Fig. 1. PRISMA Flow Diagram for the Systematic Review

376

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

3.3 Data Extraction and Classification
From the identified literature, the classification process was conducted as follows. Key
information, including study objectives, ML and AI applications, resilience dimensions,
functional areas, methodologies, and performance outcomes, were extracted and organized into a predefined classification framework. This framework categorized studies
and articles based on the following parameters:
– Resilience Dimension: Agility, flexibility, visibility, redundancy, collaboration, risk
management.
– ML/AI Application: Demand forecasting, inventory optimization, risk mitigation,
disruption recovery.
– Functional Area: Planning, procurement, logistics, inventory management, customer
service.
– Study Type: Empirical, theoretical, simulation, case study.
– Performance Metrics: Accuracy, efficiency, scalability, real-world application.
– Regulatory Challenges: Mention of compliance, privacy, and ethical concerns.

4 Results and Discussions
This section presents the findings of the systematic review, organized into key themes,
including ML and AI applications, resilience dimensions, functional areas, and performance outcomes. The discussion integrates these findings to interpret their implications,
identify challenges, and highlight research gaps.
4.1 General Overview of the Found Articles
From the 223 reviewed articles (after removing the duplicated articles), Demand Forecasting emerged as the most frequently studied application, reflecting its critical role in
ensuring medicine availability. Supervised learning techniques such as time series analysis and regression models were most commonly applied. While Inventory Optimization
demonstrated measurable improvements in cost and efficiency, few studies addressed the
scalability of ML models across global supply chains. Disruption Recovery and Data
Sharing still need to be explored, with limited evidence of practical implementation
despite their importance for resilience.
Most studies focused on agility, visibility, and risk management, aligning with immediate operational needs. Redundancy and collaboration were underexplored dimensions,
highlighting a gap in long-term PSC resilience strategies.
Supervised Learning was the predominant technique for demand forecasting and
risk mitigation. Techniques like neural networks and decision trees improved prediction accuracy. Optimization Algorithms demonstrated strong potential for improving
logistics and inventory efficiency. Reinforcement Learning was rarely applied, despite
its suitability for dynamic decision-making under uncertainty. Blockchain Integration
showed promise for data sharing and tracking, though its adoption remains limited due
to regulatory and scalability challenges.

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

377

Improved accuracy and cost reduction were consistent across studies, demonstrating tangible benefits of ML in PSC. However, evidence of real-world scalability and
implementation still needs to be improved, particularly in low-resource settings.
The studies identified six key ML and AI applications contributing to PSC resilience,
as shown in Table 4.
Table 4. ML/AI Applications contributing to PSC resilience
Application

Description

Key Findings

Demand Forecasting

Predicting future demand for
medicines to avoid stockouts

ML models improved accuracy
by up to 30%

Inventory Optimization

Optimizing stock levels to
balance shortages and excess
inventory

AI reduced holding costs by
20–25%

Risk Mitigation

Identifying supply chain
vulnerabilities and managing
risks

Models predicted disruptions
with 90% accuracy

Disruption Recovery

Facilitating quick recovery from
disruptions using ML-driven
strategies

Limited evidence of real-world
implementation

End-to-End Tracking

Improving visibility across the
PSC using blockchain and IoT
integration

Enhanced transparency and
data trust

Data Sharing and Trust

Ensuring secure and transparent
sharing of supply chain data

Blockchain improved
collaboration

Resilience Dimensions Addressed
The studies were analyzed based on the supply chain resilience (SCR) dimensions they
addressed, including agility, flexibility, redundancy, visibility, collaboration, and risk
management Table 5.
Table 5. Supply Chain Resilience Dimensions
Resilience Dimension

ML/Al Contribution

Agility

ML-enabled real-time adjustments to demand fluctuations

Flexibility

Models optimized stock allocation and sourcing strategies

Visibility

Al and blockchain improved transparency across supply chain nodes

Redundancy

Few studies discussed building backup systems using ML insights

Risk Management

ML effectively predicted disruptions and minimized risks

378

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

Performance Outcomes
The review revealed various performance outcomes achieved through ML/AI implementation, Table 6:
Table 6. Possible Performance Outcomes Through ML and AI
Metric

Impact

Accuracy

Demand forecasting models achieved up to 95% accuracy

Efficiency

Inventory optimization reduced delays and waste

Cost Reduction

ML tools minimized operational and holding costs

Visibility Improvement

Real-time tracking enhanced transparency

4.2 Detailed Analysis of Matched Articles
As illustrated in the PRISMA flow diagram (Fig. 1), only 7 studies met the research
criteria after screening and eligibility assessment. Table 7, summarizes the classification
framework. Notably, the majority of these studies were published post-2021, reflecting
a growing interest in integrating ML and AI to enhance PSC resilience, especially in
response to the global disruptions caused by COVID-19.
Table 7. Articles that Met the Research Criteria
Article

Publication
Year

Classification Framework
Resilience
Dimension

ML/AI
Application

Functional
Area

ML/AI
Technique

Study Type

Performance
Metrics

Research Gaps

[21]

2024

Agility,
Collaboration

Supply Chain
Resilience

Logistics

Systematic
Literature
Review

Theoretical

Identification
of gaps and
trends

Lack of
quantitative case
studies

[22]

2021

Risk
Management

Risk
Identification

Supplier
Management

Fuzzy AHP

Empirical

Identification
of critical
supplier risks

Limited scope on
global
applicability

[23]

2021

Flexibility,
Visibility,
Risk
Management

Vaccine Supply
Chain
Resilience

Planning &
Logistics

Resilience
Analytics

Case Study

Identification
of resilience
gaps

Lack of
resilience-focused
modeling
approaches

[24]

2023

Collaboration,
Redundancy

Supplier
Selection

Supplier
Management

Gradient
Boosting

Simulation

Classification
accuracy,
supplier
ranking

Limited
scalability of the
proposed
framework

[25]

2022

Sustainability,
Flexibility

Resilient
Healthcare
Network

Logistics,
Inventory

Multi-objective
Optimization

Simulation

Pareto
efficiency,
cost
reduction

Generalization
across
multi-product
networks

[26]

2023

Agility,
Flexibility

Demand
Forecasting

Planning &
Inventory

Random
Forest, Simple
Tree

Case Study

Forecasting
accuracy
(10–41%)
improvement

Limited
exploration of
diverse ML
algorithms

[27]

2022

Visibility,
Agility

Industry 4.0
Implementation

Supply
Chain
Operations

Structural
Equation
Modeling

Empirical

Improved
supply chain
performance

Need for broader
application across
industries

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

379

Table 7 above highlights the pivotal role of ML and AI in enhancing PSC resilience.
Key resilience dimensions addressed include agility, flexibility, and collaboration, with
applications ranging from demand forecasting and inventory optimization to supplier
selection and risk management. The reviewed studies demonstrate significant advancements in functional areas such as logistics, inventory management, and supplier operations. Prominent ML techniques, including gradient boosting, random forests, and
multi-objective optimization, were employed to improve decision-making accuracy and
operational efficiency. However, the research reveals substantial gaps, including limited
scalability of proposed frameworks, inadequate real-world implementations, and underexplored dimensions such as redundancy in building buffers and safety stocks or backup
suppliers and collaboration among PSC entities. These findings underscore the need for
broader adoption of ML and AI techniques in PSCs and the development of scalable,
adaptive frameworks to address global supply chain challenges effectively.
4.3 Discussion and Research Gaps
From the results discussed in Sects. 4.1 and 4.2, the following gaps were identified.
1. Integration of Advanced Technologies in Real-World Settings
Despite the theoretical promise of ML and AI in strengthening supply chain
resilience, the current literature is predominantly limited to simulations and conceptual frameworks. Empirical studies validating the effectiveness of these technologies in real-world PSC are limited. Future research should focus on large-scale
pilot projects and cross-sector implementations to provide concrete evidence of their
impact on PSCs.
2. Development of Comprehensive Resilience Frameworks
Existing studies often adopt a fragmented approach by focusing on specific aspects
of resilience, such as demand forecasting or supplier selection. However, there is a
need for comprehensive frameworks that integrate technological, and process-based
strategies across multiple dimensions of supply chain management. Such frameworks
could combine elements like risk management, collaboration, and redundancy with
advanced analytics to provide a comprehensive blueprint for supply chain resilience.
3. Scalability of ML and AI Models
ML and AI models have yet to be tested at scale in global supply chains. Most
studies remain confined to localized or hypothetical scenarios, raising questions about
the adaptability of these models to the complexities of multinational supply networks.
Future research should emphasize developing scalable and adaptive models capable
of addressing global supply chain challenges.
4. Addressing Data Security, Privacy, and Regulatory Barriers
The adoption of digital technologies in supply chains raises critical concerns about
data security, privacy, and compliance. Current research often overlooks these challenges, focusing primarily on technical capabilities. To enable broader adoption of
AI and ML, future work must prioritize robust data governance frameworks and standardized regulatory guidelines that safeguard sensitive information while fostering
ethical and scalable innovation.

380

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

5. Underexplored Resilience Dimensions
Key resilience dimensions such as collaboration, redundancy, and disruption
recovery are underrepresented in the current literature. These dimensions are critical for long-term supply chain adaptability and require focused research to uncover
effective strategies and technological interventions. By addressing these challenges,
ML and AI can serve as vital tools in creating robust, adaptive, and resilient PSCs
that are prepared to withstand future disruptions.

5 Conclusion
This systematic review has explored the integration of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) within the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain (PSC), emphasizing their
potential to enhance resilience. The PSC faces significant challenges, including supply
disruptions, logistical inefficiencies, and fluctuating demand, all of which were exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. These challenges necessitate innovative solutions,
and ML/AI techniques present promising avenues for improvement.
By applying the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and MetaAnalyses (PRISMA) framework, this study meticulously identified, screened and analyzed relevant articles from leading databases. The findings indicate that ML/AI applications, such as demand forecasting, inventory optimization, risk mitigation, and disruption
recovery, have shown substantial potential in enhancing various resilience dimensions
of the PSC. For instance, ML models have improved demand forecasting accuracy by
up to 30% and reduced inventory holding costs by 20–25%.
Despite these advancements, significant gaps remain. The majority of studies are still
in the theoretical or simulation stage, with limited real-world implementation. Issues of
scalability and regulatory barriers persist, and several resilience dimensions, such as
collaboration and redundancy, are underexplored. Addressing these gaps requires realworld pilot projects, the development of comprehensive regulatory frameworks, and
focused research on underrepresented areas.
The practical implications of adopting ML and AI in PSCs are comprehensive, and
promising to transform operations for manufacturers, distributors, healthcare providers,
and patients. Therefore, industry stakeholders, policymakers, and researchers must
collaborate on initiatives that leverage ML and AI for PSC resilience.
Future research should aim to bridge these gaps, enabling the practical and scalable
adoption of ML and AI technologies in the PSC, and ultimately ensuring a more robust
and reliable supply chain for pharmaceutical products. Additionally, developing userfriendly ML tools for non-technical users and creating standardized protocols for data
governance will be crucial.
In conclusion, while ML and AI offer substantial benefits for enhancing the resilience
of the PSC, their full potential can only be realized through concerted efforts to overcome
existing challenges. This work is ongoing, and additional databases such as Scopus are
currently being reviewed to provide more comprehensive coverage of the topic. Enhancing PSC resilience will not only improve supply chain efficiency but also contribute to
better public health outcomes and greater preparedness for future pandemics.
Author Contributions. Authors contributed equally to this work.

Systematic Review of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

381

Funding. This research received no external funding.
Data Availability Statement. The authors confirm that the data supporting the findings of this
study are available and cited within the article.
Conflict of Interest. The authors declare no conflict of interest.

References
1. Singh, A., Lal, B.: AI and machine learning in the pharmaceutical industry. J. Pharm. Innov.
15(4), 215–228 (2020)
2. Zhang, S., et al.: Supply chain resilience: a systematic review of emerging trends and research
directions. Int. J. Prod. Res. 58(6), 1655–1677 (2020)
3. Wang, M., Jin, J.H.: Applications of artificial intelligence in supply chain management. IEEE
Access 7, 181–194 (2019)
4. Mondal, D.P., et al.: Challenges and opportunities of ai in pharmaceutical supply chains
post-COVID-19. Comput. Ind. 130, 103445 (2021)
5. Sharma, R.: Machine learning for supply chain optimization: a comprehensive review. J.
Supply Chain Manag. 56(3), 247–261 (2020)
6. LuhPutu, et al.: Enhancing demand forecasting accuracy with machine learning algorithms.
J. Supply Chain Manag. 58(3), 45–56 (2022)
7. Fourkiotis, K.P., Tsadiras, A.: Comparing traditional statistical methods with advanced
machine learning techniques for pharmaceutical sales prediction. Int. J. Forecast. 40(2),
112–125 (2024)
8. Khan, M., Bashar, I., Minhaj, G., Wasi, A., Hossain, N.: Resilient and sustainable supplier
selection: an integration of SCOR 4.0 and machine learning approach. Sustain. Resilient
Infrastruct. 8 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1080/23789689.2023.2165782
9. Khan, et al.: Developing a resilient and sustainable supplier selection system for a pharmaceutical company using gradient boosting algorithm. Supply Chain Manage. Rev. 30(1), 78–89
(2023)
10. Angula, Dongo: A comprehensive decision support framework for supplier selection and
order allocation. Oper. Res. Perspect. 27, 154-166 (2024)
11. Silva, A., Marques, C., De Sousa, J.: A simulation approach for the design of more sustainable
and resilient supply chains in the pharmaceutical industry. Sustainability (2023). https://doi.
org/10.3390/su15097254
12. Golan, et al.: Resilience analytics for enhancing vaccine supply chain planning. J. Supply
Chain Manage. 58(2), 98–110 (2021)
13. Kamran, M., Nadeem, M., Żywiołek, J., Abdalla, M.E.M., Uzair, A., Ishtiaq, A.: Enhancing
transportation efficiency with interval-valued fermatean neutrosophic numbers: a multi-item
optimization approach. Symmetry 16(6), 766 (2024)
14. Kochakkashani, F., et al.: A robust supply chain model for managing vaccine and pharmaceutical distribution during the COVID-19 Crisis. Int. J. Supply Chain Manage. 35(4), 201–215
(2023)
15. Charles, et al.: Integration of blockchain and ai for enhancing supply chain security and
efficiency. Int. J. Prod. Econ. 230, 107–119 (2023)
16. Marmolejo-Saucedo: Digital twins in supply chain: real-time data and predictive analytics. J.
Supply Chain Manag. 58(2), 112–125 (2020)
17. Qader, et al.: Industry 4.0 technologies and their impact on supply chain resilience and
performance. J. Industr. Eng. Manage. 18(3), 176–190 (2022)

382

D. Weraikat and S. Al-Hourani

18. Jauhar, S.K., Jani, S.M., Kamble, S.S., Pratap, S., Belhadi, A., Gupta, S.: How to use no-code
artificial intelligence to predict and minimize the inventory distortions for resilient supply
chains. Int. J. Prod. Res. 62(1), 123–145 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1080/00207543.2023.216
6139
19. Rehman, O.U., Ali, Y.: Enhancing healthcare supply chain resilience: decision-making in a
fuzzy environment. Int. J. Logist. Manage. 33(2), 520–546 (2022)
20. Page, M.J., et al.: The PRISMA 2020 statement: an updated guideline for reporting systematic
reviews. BMJ 372, n71 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.n71
21. Piffari, C., Lagorio, A., Cagliano, A.C.: AI applications in the healthcare logistics and supply
chain sectors, pp. 61–75 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-65894-5_5/TABLES/3
22. Jlassi, J., Halouani, N., El Mhamedi, A.: Pharmaceutical supply chain risk assessment in the
time of COVID 19/case study, p. 10 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3
23. Golan, M.S., Trump, B.D., Cegan, J.C., Linkov, I.: Supply chain resilience for vaccines:
review of modeling approaches in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. Ind. Manag. Data
Syst. 121(7), 1723–1748 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1108/IMDS-01-2021-0022
24. Khan, M., et al.: Sustainable and resilient infrastructure ISSN: (Print) (Online) Journal homepage: www.tandfonline.com/journals/tsri20 Resilient and sustainable supplier selection: an
integration of SCOR 4.0 and machine learning approach Resilient and sustainable supplier
selection: an integration of SCOR 4.0 and machine learning approach (2023). https://doi.org/
10.1080/23789689.2023.2165782
25. Goodarzian, F., et al.: A sustainable-resilience healthcare network for handling COVID-19
pandemic. Ann. Oper. Res. 312, 761–825 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10479-021-042
38-2
26. Putu, L., Yani, E., Aamer, A.: Demand forecasting accuracy in the pharmaceutical supply
chain: a machine learning approach. Int. J. Pharm. Healthc. Mark. (2023). https://doi.org/10.
1108/IJPHM-05-2021-0056
27. Qader, G., Junaid, M., Abbas, Q., Mubarik, M.S.: Industry 4.0 enables supply chain resilience
and supply chain performance. Technol. Forecast. Soc. Change 185, 122026 (2022). https://
doi.org/10.1016/J.TECHFORE.2022.122026

Evolutionary Techniques
for Combinatorial Reverse Auctions
in Electricity Consumption
Sifat E. Jahan and Malek Mouhoub(B)
Department of Computer Science, University of Regina, Regina, SK, Canada
{sjt588,mouhoubm}@uregina.ca

Abstract. The probability of power outages increases as electricity
demand increases. To solve this problem, utility companies have started
purchasing electricity through e-auctions. We investigate a method that
involves the acquisition of energy from several suppliers, balancing several goals, and solving a challenging winner-determination problem to
maximize resource acquisition to meet increasing power demand. Using
exact methods is impractical to solve these NP-hard problems. As an
alternative, nature-inspired methods are more eﬀective, as they can trade
in the quality of the solution with the required computational time.
Previous studies focused on the application of diﬀerent nature-inspired
techniques (Genetic Algorithms (GAs), Whale Optimization Algorithm
(WOA), Ant Colony Optimization (ACO), Particle Swarm Optimization
(PSO) and Fireﬂy Algorithm (FA)) in terms of eﬀectiveness in producing
high-quality solutions for various instances of the Combinatorial Reverse
Auction (CRA) problem. This study investigates the eﬀectiveness, in
solution quality and time performance, of variants of Multi-Objective
Optimization (MOO) methods in tackling the CRA problem. These variants include the Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm (SPEA) with
diﬀerent clustering techniques, the Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA-II) and the Pareto-Dominance Evolutionary Algorithm
(EA). Moreover, a comparison has been conducted between evolutionarybased single-objective and multiobjective approaches to solve instances
of CRA problems.
Keywords: Combinatorial reverse auctions · Electricity auctions ·
Retail markets · Winner determination · Evolutionary techniques

1

Introduction

The energy demand has grown dramatically as a result of rapid economic development, infrastructural expansion, and the growth of the population. Consequently, many nations are exploring strategies to upgrade their electrical infrastructure to improve supply and meet increasing demand. Due to its eﬀectiveness
and increasing competitiveness in the market, online e-auctions are gaining popularity, and utility companies have started purchasing electricity to resolve the
c The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 383–395, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6_29

384

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

energy demand. Traditional approaches have often relied on recommendation
systems to manage consumer usage rates, raising privacy concerns, since these
recommendations are based on personal lifestyle data. On-line electricity auctions, on the other hand, can integrate a diverse range of energy sources. Despite
their potential, research on online electricity auctions, particularly those using
CRAs, remains limited. Most studies emphasize the advantages of CRAs while
overlooking the technical challenges. Only a handful of researchers have investigated solutions to the electricity demand problem using both exact and approximate methods. In addition, managing online electricity trading to balance the
needs of buyers and suppliers presents a highly complex task. The constraints
involved in this process signiﬁcantly complicate the winner-determination problem, making it diﬃcult to achieve an optimal solution. In this work, we present a
study that investigates practical approaches to eﬀectively resolving the problem
of determining the winner of electricity consumption, following the description of
the problem and the suggested GA-based solution in [1]. In our previous study,
we analyzed various trade-oﬀs of GAs alongside other meta-heuristic techniques
[2]. In this study, we are going to address new strategies to eﬃciently solve the
winner determination problem for electricity consumption that produce feasible
solutions that can be optimal or at least nearly optimal solutions.
This study plans to explore larger-scale electricity markets using multiobjective evolutionary algorithms to determine the best trading-oﬀ mechanism.
It will focus on the diﬀerent multi-objective optimization techniques: SPEA,
NSGA-II and Pareto-Dominance EA [3]. In the case of SPEA, several clustering
techniques will be considered. The ultimate objective is to determine the eﬃcacy,
in solution quality and time performance, of these methods for the online electrical auction market. It should be mentioned that, to the best of our knowledge,
no prior research has been done on using multi-objective evolutionary algorithms
for the CRA problem in the electricity market.

2

Background

2.1

Auctions, Electricity Auction, and Winner Determination

CRAs are complex problems that involve identifying auction winners using exact
or approximate methods [1, 2,4–9]. However, there is a lack of research on CRAs
for electricity markets [1], and designing auctions with bidding features can be
challenging. Multi-attribute auctions are time-consuming and complicated, with
features such as duration and service quality that go beyond price [10]. Online
auctions, whether sealed or open, have unique characteristics and connections
with buyers and sellers [11,12]. Most research on electricity auctions emphasizes
their advantages but lacks a speciﬁc mechanism for design and experimental
analysis.
Combinatorial electricity auctions are recognized for their eﬃciency in
resource allocation and proﬁt maximization, but their inherent complexity has
limited thorough research. The development of CRAs in the electricity sector is
particularly challenging [1,5], and only a few studies have demonstrated their

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

385

signiﬁcant market inﬂuence [1, 13]. An approach proposed is the Probability Bidding Mechanism (PBM), a double combinatorial auction protocol aimed at minimizing prices and maximizing quantities [14], although it remains theoretical
with no practical implementation. In [13], a recent study presents a method for
reducing buyer costs by using single units and attributes, supported by a userfriendly interface and the IBM CPLEX optimizer to determine auction winners.
Electricity auctions have a substantial economic impact, particularly in Brazil, a
leading country in the generation of renewable energy [6]. Implementing appropriate strategies in electricity market auctions can lead to notable reductions in
annual costs [15]. On the other hand, online auctions are prone to fraud, necessitating eﬀective fraud prevention mechanisms. One study introduces a novel
in-action fraud (IAF) monitoring system, providing a comprehensive analysis of
fraud types and detection methods [7]. The CRA model in [1] aims to facilitate
the purchase of electricity from various energy sources in anticipation of peak
load periods. Energy suppliers, including homeowners, participate in the bidding
of items with conﬂicting objectives of quantity and price. The model has two
rounds, one restricted to highly weather-dependent and environmentally friendly
energy such as wind and solar energy, and the second considering other sources
such as controllable load and renewable energy. The CRA problem is addressed
using a GA-based approach, which serves as the foundation for our work. We
are further exploring alternative methods to eﬃciently solve the CRA problem
by incorporating nature-inspired techniques and MOO.
In the winner determination problem, metaheuristics are eﬀective techniques
that compromise the quality of the returned solutions for running time [16].
They include methods inspired by nature, such as the multi-attribute winner
determination problem [8]. In [17] various multi-attribute auction situations are
discussed. As mentioned in [18], the stability of CRAs in large-market auctions
can be guaranteed by applying the Nash equilibrium concept and presuming
that all bidders and sellers adhere to the same standard.
The study in [19] introduces a GA-based technique to optimize resource allocation in combinatorial reverse auctions, to maximize the quantities sold by sellers, and to solve the problem of determining the winner. In the energy sector,
GAs have been used to solve multi-attribute combinatorial dispatching problems in multiprocessor environments, as well as to optimize warehouse service
time and storage policies [20,21]. The GAMICRA technique, based on GAs, is
proposed as a feasible solution to determine the winner in auctions of the electricity market, while another study presents an innovative GA-based solution
considering characteristics, limitations and limitations [1,8,9].
2.2

Multi-Objective Optimization (MOO)

MOO involves optimizing two or more conﬂicting objectives simultaneously while
adhering to a set of constraints. It provides a set of trade-oﬀ solutions called the
Pareto front, where the objective is the function to be optimized. Several natureinspired algorithms are used for MOO, including GAs, PSO, and ACO. Also,
NSGA-II is a popular MOEA for ﬁnding a well-distributed Pareto front, while

386

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

Decomposition-Based MOEA (MOEA/D) decomposes the problem into subproblems and solves them simultaneously. MOO has applications in real-world
scheduling including university timetabling, healthcare scheduling, manufacturing, and cloud computing.
The Pareto-dominance technique consists of storing non-dominated solutions
so far from the population. The main idea is to save Pareto-optimal or nondominated solutions found in each iteration. Pareto-dominance approaches are
popular in MOO problems and have shown successful results. One of the most
famous algorithms is SPEA, which focuses on ﬁnding a diverse set of solutions
while maintaining a strong emphasis on Pareto optimality [3].
The Pareto-dominance approach oﬀers several notable advantages in MOO
and preference-based networks. It promotes solution diversity by maintaining
a varied set of candidates, which is essential for eﬀectively addressing multiobjective challenges. Furthermore, GAs exhibit a reduced tendency to converge
prematurely on local optima, thereby facilitating a wide exploration of the solution space. The Pareto-dominance approach is also adept at identifying solutions
that closely approximate the true Pareto front. Additionally, its Pareto dominance framework enables parallel exploration of multiple solutions, enhancing
its eﬃciency and eﬀectiveness in optimization tasks.
SPEA is an EA designed to solve MOO problems by ﬁnding Pareto-optimal
solutions [3]. It was ﬁrst proposed by Eckart Zitzler and Lothar Thiele in 1999
and is known for its eﬀectiveness in maintaining a diverse set of solutions and
converging towards the Pareto front. SPEA’s key components include an external archive, ﬁtness assignment based on Pareto dominance, a selection process
for solutions to undergo crossover and mutation, environmental selection using
clustering techniques to prevent overcrowding, and recombination and mutation using standard evolutionary operators to create new solutions for the next
generation. The algorithm’s focus on improving the quality and diversity of solutions in MOO problems is evident in its eﬀectiveness. SPEA provides an ideal
balance between exploration and exploitation by including strength-based ﬁtness assignments and keeping an external library of non-dominated solutions.
Its goal is to identify a wide range of optimum solutions in several competing
objectives. It involves generating an initial population and an empty archive,
calculating ﬁtness based on dominance relationships, updating the archive by
adding non-dominated individuals, selecting individuals for crossover and mutation, and replacing the current population with oﬀspring. The advantages of
SPEA include the maintenance of diversity, convergence, and the retention of the
best solutions found so far. Its clustering mechanism ensures a well-distributed
set of solutions along the Pareto front, and its archive management allows for the
retention of the best solutions. It is used in constraint scheduling problems, engineering design, and ﬁnancial optimization to ﬁnd non-conﬂict, optimal solutions
using multiple criteria.
NSGA-II is another widely used MOO algorithm to solve problems with
conﬂicting objectives [22,23]. NSGA-II classiﬁes solutions into Pareto fronts
based on dominance. The ﬁrst front contains non-dominated solutions, while

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

387

subsequent fronts are identiﬁed by iteratively removing solutions of earlier
fronts. Within each front, the crowding distance is calculated to maintain diversity, preferring solutions in less crowded regions of the objective space. This
ensures a well-distributed and diverse set of high-quality solutions. NSGA-II
integrates non-dominated sorting and crowding distance with genetic operators
like crossover and mutation to solve multi-objective problems eﬃciently. Initialize a random population, evaluate objectives, and iteratively reﬁne solutions
by selecting and generating oﬀspring. The elitist strategy and preservation of
diversity enable NSGA-II to converge to the Pareto-optimal front, making it a
popular choice in optimization research and applications. It is a key component
of MOO, which balances exploration and exploitation in various ﬁelds, such as
engineering design or resource allocation, setting a standard in academic and
industrial research.

3

Proposed CRA Solving Techniques

The multi-attribute reverse auction is a winner-determination problem that can
be impractical when using exact methods due to their inherited exponential
time cost. Approximate methods are preferred due to their practicality, eﬃciency, and potential for optimal or nearly optimal solutions [24]. In this section,
we will present several evolutionary methods to solve the problem of determining the winner of the electricity auction, considering constraints and objectives
as deﬁned in [1]. In the CRA we are considering, buyers can buy electricity
from various suppliers, while suppliers can produce it from various sources. The
winners may be multiple suppliers, but only one for each item (time slot) of
electricity demand is considered.
3.1

Problem Description and Representation

Following the deﬁnition of the CRA problem in [1, 2], we consider the scenario
in which we have one buyer providing the minimum and maximum electricity
demand for a series of time slots. The buyer also provides the maximum price
for each time slot. On the other hand, we have a set of sellers who provide the
minimum price for each time slot. The auction will then start where each buyer
bids for the chosen time slots. The winner will then correspond to the optimal
assignment of buyers to time slots such that both the total price is minimized
and the quantity is maximized. These two objectives are, respectively, denoted
in Eqs. 1 and 2 [2].
n

(bidP ricei − minP ricei )
(maxP ricei − minP ricei )
i=1

(1)

(bidQuantityi − minQuantityi )
(maxQuantityi − minQuantityi )
i=1

(2)

M inimize
n

M aximize

388

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

bidP ricei is the bid price for the item (time slot) i(1 ≤ i ≤ n), minP ricei and
maxP ricei are the minimum and maximum prices, respectively, set by the seller
and the buyer (minP ricei ≤ bidP ricei ≤ maxP ricei ), bidQuantityi is the bid
quantity for the item i, and minQuantityi and maxQuantityi are the minimum
and maximum quantity set by the buyer (minQuantityi ≤ bidQuantityi ≤
maxQuantityi ). Figure 1 shows a candidate solution (chromosome) where each
entry contains the seller ID, the bid quantity, and the bid price. For all of the
techniques used, we apply the uniform crossover and the swap mutation.

Fig. 1. CRA candidate solution (chromosome)

3.2

Pareto-Dominance Evolutionary Algorithm

The ﬂowchart of the proposed Pareto dominance solving technique is shown in
the left branch of Fig. 2. The algorithm starts with a randomly generated population. Then, Pareto dominance is used by considering the two objectives (price
and quantity, as deﬁned in Eqs. 1 and 2) to ﬁnd the non-dominated solutions and
remove the dominant ones from the population. The Pareto dominance relation
(≺) is deﬁned in Eq. 3 between two candidate solutions A and B.
A ≺ B ⇐⇒

fi (A) ≤ fj (B) for all i, j ∈ {1, 2},
fi (A) < fj (B) for at least one i, j ∈ {1, 2}.

(3)

The algorithm continues with the new population that contains the newly
generated solutions and the chosen parents. In each iteration, a random number
of individuals (non-dominated) are selected.
3.3

SPEA

SPEA maintains two populations: a randomly generated population and an
archive (external storage) of a ﬁxed size. We used half of the population size
as the archive size. SPEA stores the Pareto optimal solutions found externally.
It also performs clustering to reduce the number of non-dominated solutions
stored without destroying the characteristics of the Pareto optimal front. In
each iteration, a binary tournament is applied between the current population
and the archive, and the best-ﬁtted ones are selected. The clustering techniques
used for the implementation of SPEA are listed in Table 1. The ﬁtness function
of outcome A is deﬁned as the number of solutions in the archive that dominate
A. The SPEA ﬂow diagram is shown in the middle branch of Fig. 2.

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

389

Fig. 2. The ﬂowchart of CRA solving techniques
Table 1. Clustering Techniques
Technique

Description

K-means clustering

Partition-based method that divides data into K clusters by minimizing intra-cluster
variance. It is simple and computationally eﬃcient and is the best for spherical clusters
with equal variance

Density-Based Spatial Density-based method forms clusters that group data points based on density. It
Clustering of Noise
identiﬁes clusters as dense regions separated by low-density areas, making it eﬀective for
Applications (DBSCAN) detecting arbitrarily shaped clusters and noise (outliers)
Agglomerative
Clustering

Hierarchical method that recursively merges pairs of clusters until all data points belong
to one cluster or a speciﬁed number of clusters is reached

Aﬃnity Propagation

Message-passing method that automatically determines clusters by passing “messages”
between data points based on similarity

Gaussian Mixture
Models (GMM)

Model-based methods that assume data is generated from a mixture of Gaussian
distributions and estimate parameters using Expectation-Maximization (EM)

Fuzzy C-Means (FCM) A soft clustering method that assigns membership probabilities to each cluster instead of
hard assignments, suitable for overlapping clusters and partial membership in multiple
clusters

390

3.4

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

NSGA-II

The ﬂow diagram of NSGA-II is described in the right branch of Fig. 2. NSGAII starts with a randomly generated population and evaluates individuals based
on two objectives: price (to minimize) and quantity (to maximize). NSGA-II
employs non-dominated sorting, which organizes the population into Pareto
fronts, prioritizing solutions in lower-ranked fronts that exhibit better dominance. The solutions within each front are further ranked based on a crowding
distance metric, which ensures diversity by selecting less crowded solutions in
the objective space as given below. The crowding distance di for a solution i in
a Pareto front is deﬁned as:
M

di =

fm (i + 1) − fm (i − 1)
max − f min
fm
m
m=1

where: M is the number of objectives, fm (i+1) is the value of the m-th objective
for the next solution in the sorted list, fm (i−1) is the value of the m-th objective
max
is the maximum value of the m-th
for the previous solution in the sorted list, fm
min
is the minimum value of the m-th
objective in the current Pareto front, and fm
objective in the current Pareto front. For boundary solutions: d1 = dN = ∞,
where N is the number of solutions on the Pareto front. To create the next
generation, NSGA-II combines parent and oﬀspring populations (2 × population
size) to select the best solutions for the next generation, ensuring that no good
solutions are lost. In each iteration of NSGA-II , a binary tournament is applied;
it prefers solutions in lower-ranked fronts and breaks ties using the crowding
distance (where solutions with larger distances are preferred).

4

Experimentation

The purpose of the experiments reported in this section is to evaluate the
performance, in practice, of the evolutionary techniques adopted to solve the
CRA problem, namely Pareto dominance, SPEA, and NSGA-II. Moreover,
SPEA has been evaluated using various clustering techniques including K-means,
DBSCAN, Agglomerative, Aﬃnity Propagation, GMM, and Fuzzy C-means. We
have also considered the following three variants of the GA-based technique to
solve the CRA as a single-objective optimization problem.
1. Single-Price: GA-based technique focusing on price (to minimize, as per Eq. 1)
2. Single-Qty: GA-based technique focusing on quantity (to maximize, as per
Eq. 2)
3. Single-PriceQty: GA-based technique that focuses on optimizing a combination of both objectives according to Eq. 4 below.
n

M aximize

(bidQuantityi − minQuantityi )
(maxP ricei − bidP ricei )
∗
(maxP
rice
−
minP
rice
)
(
maxQuantityi − minQuantityi )
i
i
i=1

(4)

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

391

The experiments are implemented in Python and executed on an Intel(R)
Xeon(R) CPU with 2.20GHz processor speed and RAM of 12.7 GB. Each data
set is run 20 times as part of the implementation of the CRA system to determine the average, best, and standard deviation of both the computation time
and the quality of the solution. We use ﬁve datasets where the number of items
and sellers are, respectively: 8 and 5 for Dataset 1, 15 and 20 for Dataset 2, 75
and 50 for Dataset 3, 100 and 200 for Dataset 4, and 250 and 500 for Dataset
5. For Dataset 2 the diﬀerent clustering techniques are visualized in Fig. 3 using
cluster size 4. Figure 4 shows the diﬀerent clustering techniques with population
variation in dataset 2 using diﬀerent cluster sizes varying from 2 to 8 for various
population sizes (25, 50, 75, 100, 200, 300). To evaluate the diﬀerent clustering
techniques used in SPEA, we have used the Silhouette Score metric. This metric
measures the similarity of each point to its own cluster, considering cohesion
and separation. The score ranges from –1 to +1, with a higher score indicating
better clustering with distinct, well-deﬁned clusters. Points on the border of the
two clusters have a lower score. For smaller populations, Algomerative, GMM,
and Fuzzy were superior to others on average. However, the best result has been
achieved by Aﬃnity Propagation without high deviation. In addition, kMeans
performs well; however, it has a larger deviation. DBSCAN remains stable for
all sizes of populations. For larger population sizes, the clustering results are
quite similar; however, GMM has a high deviation and a lower silhouette score
that indicate bad performance compared to the rest of the clustering techniques.
Table 2 shows the execution time (in milliseconds) of GA with a single objective,
Pareto dominance, SPEA, and NSGA-II in the diﬀerent data sets. All techniques use GA as the base algorithm with population size 50 and 100 iterations.
The execution times for Single-Price and Single-Qty are better than those for
Single-PriceQty, and the performance of the price objective is slightly better than
that of the quantity objective. Moreover, Single-PriceQty objective has higher
variation than Single-Price and Single-Qty. Single-PriceQty execution times are
much better than the EA approaches (Pareto-dominance, SPEA, and NSGAII). Among the EA approaches, the NSGA-II approach is the best performer.
Table 2 shows the ﬁtness function calling rate, where all the techniques perform
well for larger datasets. However, for small datasets, there are some discrepancies in which the performance of the EA techniques was not up to the mark,
although the Pareto dominance was the best performer. Table 3 shows the quality of the solution obtained from the diﬀerent techniques. For smaller datasets,
single objectives give better results than Single-PriceQty but by increasing the
dataset complexity, Single-PriceQty performed better even though the quality
is almost similar. Among the EA techniques, SPEA and NSGA-II have better
quality for larger datasets than Pareto Dominance. However, for the ﬁrst round
of bidding, the Pareto dominance technique performed better than the other EA
techniques with less variation, and the highest variation is given by the SPEA
technique.

392

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

Table 2. Computational Time (Top) and Quality based on Fitness Called (Bottom)
Comparative Results

Table 3. Quality Comparison based on Solution Found (Single and Multi-Objective)

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

393

Fig. 3. Sample Clustering Visualization

Fig. 4. Comparison of Clustering Techniques

5

Conclusion

We investigate the eﬀectiveness, in solution quality and time performance, of various Multi-Objective Optimization (MOO) methods in tackling the CRA problem in the particular case of electricity consumption. In this context, we conducted a set of experiments comparing GA with multi-objective, single-objective,
and MOO techniques (Pareto-dominance, SPEA, and NSGA-II) to evaluate the
eﬀectiveness of solutions in terms of time and solution quality. In the near future,
we plan to explore other nature-inspired and evolutionary techniques [25–27]
with multi-objective optimization to determine the best trade-oﬀ.

References
1. Shil, S.K., Sadaoui, S.: Meeting peak electricity demand through combinatorial
reverse auctioning of renewable energy. J. Mod. Power Syst. Clean Energy 6(1),
73–84 (2018)

394

S. E. Jahan and M. Mouhoub

2. Jahan, S.E., Mouhoub, M., Sadeghilalimi, M.: Nature-inspired techniques for combinatorial reverse auctions in electricity consumption. In: Dorronsoro, B., Zagar,
M., Talbi, EG. (eds.) Optimization and Learning. OLA 2024. CCIS, vol. 2311, pp.
263–276. Springer, Cham (2025). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-77941-1_20
3. Zitzler, E., Thiele, L.: An evolutionary algorithm for multiobjective optimization:
the strength pareto approach. TIK report 43 (1998)
4. Ciarreta, A., Espinosa, M.P., Pizarro-Irizar, C.: Has renewable energy induced
competitive behavior in the Spanish electricity market? Energy Policy 104, 171–
182 (2017)
5. Gong, J., Qi, J., Xiong, G., Chen, H., Huang, W.: A ga based combinatorial auction
algorithm for multi-robot cooperative hunting. In: 2007 International Conference
on Computational Intelligence and Security (CIS 2007), pp. 137–141. IEEE (2007)
6. Aquila, G., de Oliveira Pamplona, E., de Queiroz, A.R., Junior, P.R., Fonseca,
M.N.: An overview of incentive policies for the expansion of renewable energy generation in electricity power systems and the Brazilian experience. Renew. Sustain.
Energy Rev. 70, 1090–1098 (2017)
7. Sadaoui, S., Wang, X.: A dynamic stage-based fraud monitoring framework of
multiple live auctions. Appl. Intell. 46, 197–213 (2017)
8. Shil, S.K., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Winner determination in multi-attribute
combinatorial reverse auctions. In: Arik, S., Huang, T., Lai, W., Liu, Q. (eds.) Neural Information Processing. ICONIP 2015. LNCS, vol. 9491, pp. 645–652. Springer,
Cham (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-26555-1_73
9. Shil, S.K., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Evolutionary technique for combinatorial
reverse auctions. In: Russell, I., Eberle, W. (eds.) Proceedings of the Twenty-Eighth
International Florida Artiﬁcial Intelligence Research Society Conference, FLAIRS
2015, Hollywood, Florida, USA, 18–20 May 2015, pp. 79–84. AAAI Press (2015).
http://www.aaai.org/ocs/index.php/FLAIRS/FLAIRS15/paper/view/10348
10. Pla, A., López, B., Murillo, J., Maudet, N.: Multi-attribute auctions with diﬀerent
types of attributes: enacting properties in multi-attribute auctions. Expert Syst.
Appl. 41(10), 4829–4843 (2014)
11. Jap, S.D.: An exploratory study of the introduction of online reverse auctions. J.
Mark. 67(3), 96–107 (2003)
12. Jap, S.D.: The impact of online reverse auction design on buyer-supplier relationships. J. Mark. 71(1), 146–159 (2007)
13. Çolak, B., Gökmen, M.A., Kiliç, H.: A web-based auction platform for electricity
retail markets. In: 2015 IEEE 14th International Conference on Machine Learning
and Applications (ICMLA), pp. 1148–1152. IEEE (2015)
14. Han, D., Sun, M.: The design of a probability bidding mechanism in electricity
auctions by considering trading constraints. SIMULATION 91(10), 916–924 (2015)
15. Mazzi, N., Lorenzoni, A., Rech, S., Lazzaretto, A.: Electricity auctions: a European
view on markets and practices. In: 2015 12th International Conference on the
European Energy Market (eem), pp. 1–5. IEEE (2015)
16. Vazirani, V.V.: Approximation Algorithms, vol. 1. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg
(2001). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-04565-7
17. Bichler, M., Kalagnanam, J.: Conﬁgurable oﬀers and winner determination in
multi-attribute auctions. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 160(2), 380–394 (2005)
18. Tabandeh, S., Michalska, H.: An evolutionary random search algorithm for double
auction markets. In: 2009 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, pp. 2948–
2955. IEEE (2009)

Evolutionary Techniques for CRAs

395

19. Wang, X.w., Wang, X.y., Huang, M.: A resource allocation method based on the
limited English combinatorial auction under cloud computing environment. In:
2012 9th International Conference on Fuzzy Systems and Knowledge Discovery,
pp. 905–909. IEEE (2012)
20. Ene, S., Küçükoğlu, İ, Aksoy, A., Öztürk, N.: A genetic algorithm for minimizing
energy consumption in warehouses. Energy 114, 973–980 (2016)
21. Yang, T., Kuo, Y., Cho, C.: A genetic algorithms simulation approach for the multiattribute combinatorial dispatching decision problem. Eur. J. Oper. Res. 176(3),
1859–1873 (2007)
22. Deb, K., Pratap, A., Agarwal, S., Meyarivan, T.: A fast and elitist multiobjective
genetic algorithm: Nsga-ii. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 6(2), 182–197 (2002)
23. Verma, S., Pant, M., Snasel, V.: A comprehensive review on nsga-ii for multiobjective combinatorial optimization problems. IEEE Access 9, 57757–57791
(2021)
24. Czekaj, J., Socha, L.: Comparison of the exact and approximate algorithms
in the random shortest path problem. In: Korytowski, A., Malanowski, K.,
Mitkowski, W., Szymkat, M. (eds.) System Modeling and Optimization. CSMO
2007. IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology, vol. 312, pp.
220–238. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg (2009). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-64204802-9_11
25. Sadreddin, A., Mouhoub, M., Sadaoui, S.: Portfolio selection for sat instances. In:
2022 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC),
pp. 2962–2967 (2022)
26. Bidar, M., Sadaoui, S., Mouhoub, M., Bidar, M.: Enhanced ﬁreﬂy algorithm using
fuzzy parameter tuner. Comput. Inf. Sci. 11(1), 26–51 (2018)
27. Korani, W., Mouhoub, M.: Review on nature-inspired algorithms. Oper. Res.
Forum 2, 36. Springer (2021)

Author Index

A
Al Zaied, Sarah 353
Albukhari, Sabrina 111
Al-Hourani, Shireen 370
Alizadeh, Sina 189
Antony, Febin 111

G
Giachetti, Giovanni 125
Gómez-Rocha, José Emmanuel
Guo, Yinuo 51
H
Hashemian, Sajjad 254
Hassouna, Tala 353
Hu, Zhongyi 51

B
Banouar, Oumayma 34
Barrera-Garcia, José 125
Bayeh, Ali 3
Belghiti, Yasmine El 319
Benslimanem, Mohamed 34
Bouchti, Mehdi El 319
Bouvier, Nathan 64
Bouvry, Pascal 239
C
Camacho-Vallejo, José-Fernando
Cangelosi, Angelo 215
Castro, Carlos 267
Chamli, Mohammed Amine 98
Cisternas-Caneo, Felipe 125
Crawford, Broderick 125
Crespi, Carolina 215
D
Davouse, Nathan 16
de Oliveira, Matheus Aguilar 329
de Queiroz, Thiago Alves 329
Drouillard, Valentin 227
E
Elloumi, Abdelkarim

164

F
Filali-Zegzouti, Sanae 34
Filipas, Ioana 227
Fischbach, Tobias 239

304

I
Iori, Manuel 329
Issa, Faisal 353
J
Jahan, Sifat E. 189, 383
Jaillon, Thomas 98
Jorquera, Ignacio 267
304
K
Khare, Raghav 80
Korani, Wael 138
L
Lejuste, Déborah 227
Lisser, Abdel 279
M
Madani, Raneem 279
Marmier, François 227
Mawlood-Yunis, Abdul-Rahman 80
Mendes, Aldrich 80
Mısır, Mustafa 51
Monfroy, Eric 125, 267
Mouhoub, Malek 3, 138, 177, 189, 383
Mouloud, Abdelfattah 319
N
Ngo, Long H. 98

© The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license
to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026
B. Dorronsoro et al. (Eds.): OLA 2025, CCIS 2808, pp. 397–398, 2026.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13589-6

398

Author Index

P
Pavone, Mario 215
Petrovan, Adrian 341
Pop, Petrică C. 341
Q
Quilliot, Alain

164

R
Raj, Punita 227
Ramanan, Sharadha 291
Ramírez, Nicolás Gálvez 267
Rivalan, Jonathan 98
Romeo, Marta 215
Rose, Bertrand 227
S
Sadaoui, Samira 3
Santos, André Gustavo dos 329
Saubion, Frederic 267
Sethuraman, Srividhya 291
Sitar, Corina Pop 341
Soto, Ricardo 125

Soulhi, Aziz 319
Sule, Anuraj 80
Sun, Chaoli 150, 201
T
Taccini, Marco 329
Talbi, El-Ghazali 16, 64
Talbot, Pierre 239
Tan, Ying 150
U
Uma Maheswari, G.

291

W
Wang, Jianshang 150
Weraikat, Dua 111, 353, 370
Z
Zaidi, Haifa 177
Zhang, Guochen 201
Zhao, Ya 201
Zina, Saber Ben 164

